 MONTREAL, March 8, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada yesterday tabled its final and best offer to ACPA, the union representing its pilots in order to bring finality to a set of negotiations that began eighteen months ago and bring stability for its customers. The proposal expired at 12:00 noon today, and as it was not accepted by ACPA by that time, Air Canada has issued notice that it will lock out its pilots effective 12:01 A.M. ET on Monday March 12, 2012 pursuant to the Canada Labour Code. 
 "We need to bring closure to the ongoing climate of labour uncertainty at Air Canada which is affecting our customers, destabilizing the Company and our operations, and damaging the Air Canada brand," said Duncan Dee, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. "We have been in protracted talks over the past 18 months which have included various attempts at conciliation and mediation.  The offer on the table to ACPA is intended to preserve our pilots' compensation and benefits in the top quartile of the North American industry. It is a very fair offer.  We had hoped this offer would reasonably bring this protracted labour dispute to an end. However, as ACPA has not accepted our final offer by the proscribed deadline, we are left with no option but to exercise our rights under the Canada Labour Code, a decision which we have not taken lightly. During this notice period, the lines of communication remain open as far as Air Canada is concerned and we hope that the Master Executive Committee of the Association takes advantage of this time to accept the final offer." 
 Separately, on March 6, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAMAW), (representing the airline's approximately 8,600 mechanics, baggage handlers and cargo agents in Canada) provided notice to Air Canada that it intends to begin strike action starting at 12:01 A.M. ET on Monday March 12, 2012.  The IAMAW membership recently rejected the unanimously recommended tentative agreement signed by the IAMAW bargaining committee following the federal mediation before the Honourable Madam Justice Louise Otis. 
 "We recognize and regret the uncertainty for our customers and we thank them for their patience and understanding. We will continue to provide further updates including information on contingency plans, as developments warrant," said Mr. Dee. 
 Due to the high volume of calls at its call centres, wait times are longer than usual. To avoid waiting, Air Canada strongly recommends customers consult its website, aircanada.com, which will continue to be updated with the latest information for customers.  In addition, aircanada.com offers self-service tools that can be used for making bookings, checking-in for flights and rebooking flights in case a flight is delayed or cancelled for reasons such as bad weather. 
 Final Offer to ACPA 
 This final offer tabled by Air Canada was designed to preserve Air Canada pilots' compensation and benefits in the top industry quartile while providing the Company with increased flexibility to effectively manage its operations, respond to market realities and meet long-term strategic goals. Highlights of the offer include: 
 ACPA Negotiations Background 
 Air Canada, has been in negotiations with ACPA, the union that represents approximately 3,000 pilots employed by the airline for the past eighteen months. Following the rejection of a first tentative agreement unanimously endorsed by the ACPA negotiating committee after six months of negotiations and subsequent significant leadership and negotiation committee changes, conciliator-facilitated talks resumed in November 2011. There has been little progress since then. ACPA has, to date, failed to provide a comprehensive response to Air Canada's offer of January 29, 2012.  ACPA received a strike mandate from its membership on February 14, 2012. In addition, more recently, activities by Air Canada pilots have started to result in numerous flight cancellations and schedule disruptions affecting the integrity of Air Canada's operations and its brand. 
