 Air Canada is the only airline serving the three major NYC airports from Canada 
 MONTREAL, May 3, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada flight AC8902 today inaugurated service between Toronto Pearson and John F. Kennedy International Airport, making the airline the only carrier serving all three major airports in the New York City region from Canada. With the new route, existing service to Newark Liberty International Airport and an additional daily flight between Toronto and LaGuardia Airport that began May 1 to bring that service to hourly, Air Canada will operate up to 38 non-stop return flights a day between Canada and New York City this summer. 
 "New York is popular destination and Air Canada is very pleased to offer our customers three-times daily service to John F. Kennedy International Airport and now hourly service to LaGuardia from Toronto Pearson in addition to our Newark service. These added flights mean Air Canada is providing customers the most frequencies, widest choice of airports and greatest convenience of all airlines flying between New York and Canada. The flights are timed to enable customers to easily connect at our Toronto hub to other destinations in our extensive domestic and international network, such as Tokyo, Shanghai and Beijing. All eligible customers will also be able to collect and redeem Aeroplan miles," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. 
 The new Toronto-JFK service is operated by Air Canada Express using a 50-seat CRJ regional jet. The JFK flights, operating out of Terminal 7, will have early morning, mid-day and evening arrivals and departures. With the new services, Air Canada will operate a total of up to 38 return flights a day to the New York metropolitan area from Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Calgary and Vancouver. 
 Air Canada's New York service, with hourly flights, is ideally-suited for business travelers. Customers will have a choice of three airports across the New York City region, the option to purchase flight passes, access to Maple Leaf or Star Alliance partner lounges at all airports with priority ground services where applicable. In addition, Air Canada flights to LaGuardia and Newark feature Executive Class; the only Canadian airline offering business class service. 
 Air Canada New York Daily Peak Schedule (return flights as of May 3, 2012)  
