 Third consecutive year Air Canada named a winner at Skytrax World Airline Awards 
 MONTREAL, July 12, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named the 'Best International Airline in North America' in a worldwide survey of air travelers for the Skytrax World Airline Awards. In what Skytrax termed "a remarkable repeat success", it is the third consecutive year Air Canada has ranked among the top global carriers in the awards, which surveyed more than 18 million passengers worldwide. The annual survey, whose findings were announced today at the Farnborough International Airshow, is regarded in the air transport industry as a key benchmarking tool for airline passenger satisfaction levels. 
 "We are delighted that the Skytrax World Airline Awards has again recognized Air Canada as the Best International Airline in North America. It affirms Air Canada's ranking among the world's best airlines and underscores the success of our strategy to transform Air Canada into an international powerhouse," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer. "This top rating by air travelers for three consecutive years demonstrates that passengers appreciate the Air Canada travel experience including our recently expanded, award-winning seatback entertainment system offering, concierge service, enhanced mobile and online services and the evolution of our Maple Leaf lounge product. The award also recognizes the dedication and professionalism of Air Canada employees in delivering our world class products and services and taking care of our customers." 
 "For the third consecutive year, Air Canada customers have ensured that the airline achieves its deserved recognition by winning the award for the Best International Airline in North America. This hat-trick result is an excellent achievement and Air Canada must be proud of this customer recognition of quality consistency. Air Canada is clearly a favourite airline amongst passengers and it is noteworthy that it has also maintained its place in the top-25 global airlines," said Edward Plaisted of Skytrax. 
