 MONTREAL, Aug. 30, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - In celebration of the 75th anniversary of its inaugural flight September 1, 1937, Air Canada has launched a special promotion offering a 15 per cent discount off Tango and Tango Plus fares for travel this fall to 75 destinations within North America including its entire Canada-wide network and select transborder routes to the United States.  The discount is available on tickets purchased Thursday August 30 to Monday September 3, 2012 at aircanada.com/happy75 and through travel agents for travel beginning as early as September 4 to December 14, 2012. 
 "Seventy-five years ago on September 1st, Air Canada's predecessor, Trans-Canada Air Lines (TCA), inaugurated its first flight carrying two passengers and mail between Vancouver and Seattle aboard a Lockheed L-10A Electra," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer.  "Since then, Air Canada has grown to be the world's 15th largest airline and Canada's flag carrier serving over 150 destinations across Canada and world wide on five continents. Through innovation and continuous improvement we have made it easier for Canadians to connect with one another and the world, thereby playing a role in Canada's development on so many fronts.  We are very excited to mark our 75 year history with events and initiatives all year long, and to share some of the moments of which we are all very proud.  On behalf of Air Canada's 27,000 employees, and the many thousands more who have served the airline over the decades, I thank our customers for their ongoing loyalty." 
 Beginning Saturday September 1st, Air Canada customers will be offered a unique glimpse into the airline's rich history told through stories and rarely published photographs in a special edition of the airline's award-winning in-flight magazine, enRoute, available in each customer's seatback pocket. 
 Air Canada is also launching an interactive visual history of the airline online.  Visitors to 75.aircanada.com in the coming days will have access to over 300 pictures, videos and vignettes that tell the story of Air Canada and the evolution of Canada's aviation industry over the decades. 
 Air Canada Facebook fans will also have lots to look forward to when the airline launches a special anniversary contest on September 1st.  Watch www.facebook.com/aircanada in the coming days for details. 
 The Canada Aviation and Space Museum in Ottawa will provide aviation aficionados with much to discover in person when it opens its doors October 4, 2012 to the exhibition "People, Places and Planes: Air Canada at 75."  The museum's exhibition will showcase 75 of the best photographs from the Air Canada Collection. The photographs trace the development of Air Canada since its early days. The Museum holds the world's largest collection of Air Canada material including vintage uniforms and thousands of images and printed material, in addition to aircraft such as the Douglas DC-9 and the Lockheed Electra.  This collection tells the story of the growth of Canada's aviation industry and its contribution to our nation.  Visit www.aviation.technomuses.ca for more information on the Canada Aviation and Space Museum. 
 In celebration of this milestone anniversary, Air Canada launched the Air Canada Foundation, a not-for-profit organization focused on the health and well-being of children in need.  The Foundation recently raised over $250,000 at its first annual fundraising event to support organizations that share this same goal.  Visit aircanada.com/foundation for more information. 
 The creation of the Air Canada Foundation is one of many initiatives highlighted in Air Canada's first Corporate Sustainability Report (CSR), entitled "Citizens of the World," available online at aircanada.com/csr beginning September 1st. Air Canada's CSR examines how Air Canada conducts its business by balancing economic, environmental and social considerations. Based on Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines, it provides an overview of the airline's initiatives in four areas: safety, the environment, employees and community. 
 Earlier this year, Air Canada showcased the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the world's newest and most modern commercial aircraft that made its inaugural visit to Canada on March 2nd to kick off year- long celebrations to mark its 75th anniversary.  Air Canada estimates fuel usage and maintenance costs for a Boeing 787 aircraft to be approximately 30 per cent less than that of the Boeing 767-300ER that it will replace. The airline has 37 firm orders plus 13 options for the Dreamliner, with first delivery of the aircraft in 2014. 
 The open house event which attracted thousands of Air Canada employees, customers and travel partners also presented a 75-year retrospective fashion show featuring Air Canada employees modeling more than 30 vintage uniforms from each decade of the airline's history.  Visit Air Canada's YouTube channel www.youtube.com/aircanada to watch the fashion show, or click: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7qdxF_wAxU&amp;feature=plcp 
 About Air Canada 
