 In addition, 200 new jobs to be created by Low Cost Carrier 
 MONTREAL, Sept. 20, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada said today that it will hire more than 900 employees over the next 12 months to meet its planned workforce requirements.  In addition, 200 new jobs will be created for flight attendants and pilots at the airline's low cost carrier that will be launched in 2013. 
 "Air Canada is undertaking a selective hiring process over the next 12 months in order to seize new commercial opportunities, enhance customer service and renew our workforce.  This recruitment program is consistent with our focus on controlling costs to become more competitive in our various markets," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer. "At a time when youth unemployment is nearly 15 per cent in Canada, we are pleased to offer exciting career opportunities that will especially appeal to young people. These include not only a chance to work at Air Canada's new low cost carrier, where 200 new jobs will be created in anticipation of its 2013 launch, but also for the mainline business where we will be actively renewing our airports, in-flight and call centre workforce." 
 Highlights of Air Canada's 2012-13 recruitment program are as follows: 
 Information on Air Canada job postings is available at aircanada.com/careers where interested candidates with the necessary qualifications can apply online.  Preference will be given to candidates fluent in both English and French, and the company will be reaching out to the appropriate language organizations, educational institutions and publications to help identify potential candidates. 
 Air Canada is one of Canada's largest employers and careers at the airline are among the most desirable airline jobs in North America providing industry leading compensation and benefits in addition to skills training and career development. Air Canada employs approximately 27,000 people across Canada and world wide including more than 930 in Atlantic Canada; 5,300 in Quebec; 12,000 in Ontario; 800 in Manitoba; 1,700 in Alberta and 4,400 in British Columbia. 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is the 15th largest commercial airline in the world and in 2011 served more than 33 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 59 Canadian cities, 56 destinations in the United States and 63 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America.  Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,356 destinations in 193 countries. In 2012, Air Canada was ranked Best International Airline in North America in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by independent research firm Skytrax. 
