 Zeina Gedeon Appointed Vice President, E-commerce, Product Distribution and Sales Development; Claude Morin Appointed Vice President, Global Sales Management 
 MONTREAL, Oct. 2, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced the realignment of its Sales organization to better reflect strategic objectives and capitalize on opportunities and markets in an evolving industry environment. 
 Zeina Gedeon, currently President and CEO, Air Canada Vacations, is appointed Vice President E-commerce, Product Distribution and Sales Development.  In addition to sales development, Zeina will be responsible for the strategy, development and ongoing management of all distribution channels pertaining to Air Canada products and digital touch points (website, kiosk, mobile devices) including the development of any supporting platforms or new functionalities. 
 "Under Zeina's dynamic leadership, Air Canada Vacations has grown into one of Canada's leading tour operators," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. "Her passion for the industry together with her proven talents and skills make her the right candidate for this role as we work with key distribution partners to create new business opportunities and continue to innovate the way we sell and distribute our product." 
 Prior to joining Air Canada Vacations in 2006, Zeina held senior positions at Air Canada.  As General Manager, Operations - Tango, she helped launch the separately-branded, low-fare service in 2001 that later became a cornerstone of Air Canada's branded-fare strategy.  Her experience at Tango was further leveraged when she later became Air Canada's General Manager, Network Optimization. 
 Reporting to Zeina are: Graham Wareham - Senior Director, Distribution / Customer Direct Robert Trudeau - Director, Business Development Anna Buchnea - Director, Passenger Sales, Canada 
 The head of e-commerce reporting to Zeina will be appointed at a future date. 
 Claude Morin, currently Vice President, Global Sales is appointed Vice President, Global Sales Management with responsibility for customer and partnership management on a global basis. 
 "Claude's strong leadership skills coupled with his commitment to relationship management makes him the right candidate for this key role as we position the airline for international growth," said Ben Smith. 
 Claude Morin was appointed Vice President, Global Sales in 2008. Since joining Air Canada in 1985, Claude has held a number of senior management positions including General Manager, France, responsible for passenger sales and operations functions, Senior Director, Passenger Sales, responsible for all sales generated through the agency distribution network in North America and Vice President, Cargo, responsible for all aspects of Air Canada's cargo activities. 
 Reporting to Claude are: Susan Clements - Director, Agency Sales Gary Cross - General Manager, Europe, Middle East, Africa, India Laureen Davies - Director, Multi-National Sales Chris Garton - General Manager, Asia and Pacific Patrick Khoury - Senior Director, Sales, USA Kathy Mason - Director, Corporate Sales Rosanna Panetta - Director, Leisure Sales Alex Pittman - General Manager, Latin America &amp; Caribbean 
