 Annual readership surveys rank Air Canada Best in North America 
 MONTREAL, Dec. 12, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has once again been named best airline in North America by frequent travelers.  In annual readership surveys conducted in 2012 by U.S. travel magazines, Business Traveler, Global Traveler and Premier Traveler, readers named Air Canada as their favourite airline in North America overall, as well as tops for international travel and in-flight service: 
 "Best Airline in North America" - Global Traveler magazine 
 "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best North American Airline Inflight Experience" - Business Traveler magazine 
 "Best North American Airline for Business-Class Service," "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best Flight Attendants in North America" - Premier Traveler magazine 
 "Air Canada is very pleased to once again be recognized by discerning, frequent travelers who have the widest experience of different airlines to draw upon. It is especially meaningful to win awards for our international travel experience that has been a primary focus at Air Canada and encouraging to see the recognition of our Toronto hub as a convenient connection point by U.S. and international travellers. These awards show that our customers appreciate the amenities and service we offer, from lie-flat suites in Executive First international service, to complimentary seatback entertainment available throughout our fleet at every seat. Most importantly, they recognize the professionalism and dedication of Air Canada's 27,000 employees who work hard every day to win the loyalty of our customers," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. 
 In 2012, for the third consecutive year, Air Canada was also ranked as "Best International Airline in North America" in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by independent research firm Skytrax.  More information on the Skytrax World Airline Awards is available at www.worldairlineawards.com. 
 The results of Global Traveler's ninth annual GT Tested Reader Survey are available at:  http://www.prweb.com/releases/2012/12/prweb10192683.htm 
 Results of Business Traveler's 24th annual readership survey can be found at: http://www.businesstravelerusa.com/archive/december-2012-january-2013/special-reports/2012-worlda-s-best-in-business-travel 
 The results of Premier Traveler's first annual readership survey are listed at: http://www.marketwire.com/press-release/premier-traveler-magazine-best-of-2012-awards-gala-at-sofitel-los-angeles-1724290.htm 
 Air Canada offers all customers personal entertainment systems at each seat, fleet-wide on North American and international routes.  Amenities include digital in-seat monitors with touch-screen controls offering hundreds of hours of complimentary audio and video on-demand programming, standard in-seat power within reach of every customer, lie-flat beds in Executive First suites, Air Canada's international business class service, access for eligible customers to its Maple Leaf Lounges and the ability to collect and redeem Aeroplan miles. 
