 Seamless bookings, connections enhance travel between Canada and South Africa 
 MONTREAL, Dec. 10, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada and South African Airways (SAA) are pleased to announce today a code share agreement that will make it substantially easier for customers to travel between Canada and South Africa. Effective December 13, 2012, customers connecting between the carriers in London or New York will be able to book a single itinerary and make seamless connections. In addition, as both airlines belong to the Star Alliance, customers can benefit from reciprocal frequent flier accumulation or redemption and lounge access for eligible customers. 
 "Air Canada is extremely pleased to offer customers traveling between Canada and South Africa the added convenience of code sharing with our preferred partner SAA. With flights coordinated to minimize connection times, plus the simplicity of a single itinerary, it will be easier than ever to fly between Canada and South Africa. Customers aboard Air Canada will enjoy the best international service of any North American carrier, as recognized by the SkyTrax World Airline Awards for the past three years. Amenities on board our international flights include lie-flat suites in Executive First while all Air Canada-operated flights offer business class and complimentary seatback entertainment with up to 600 hours of content," said Yves Dufresne, Vice President Alliances and Regulatory Affairs. 
 "SAA looks forward to introducing Air Canada's customers to our award-winning service and extensive route network. This code share agreement represents new and seamless travel options between two world-class airlines with a deep knowledge of their respective markets," said Manoj Papa, acting General Manager: Commercial for South African Airways. "Travellers based in Southern Africa and Canada will benefit greatly from the convenient travel choices now open to them, thereby increasing travel between the two regions." 
 SAA will code share on Air Canada-operated flights between London and Vancouver, London and Toronto, and New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport and Toronto (including flights operated by Air Canada Express). Air Canada will in turn code share on SAA-operated services between London and Johannesburg, New York and Johannesburg, and Johannesburg and Cape Town. 
 With both airlines being members of Star Alliance, the world's largest airline network, customers will continue to enjoy the benefit of earning and redeeming frequent flier miles through Aeroplan or the SAA Voyager program when flying on the code share services and throughout their respective global networks. 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is the 15th largest commercial airline in the world and in 2011 served more than 33 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 59 Canadian cities, 56 destinations in the United States and 63 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America.  Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,329 destinations in 194 countries. In 2012, Air Canada was ranked Best International Airline in North America in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by independent research firm Skytrax. For more information visit aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook. 
 About SAA 
 South African Airways (SAA) is the leading carrier in Africa, serving 26 destinations across the continent, as well as major destinations within South Africa and internationally from its Johannesburg hub. It is a member of the largest international airline network, Star Alliance. SAA's core business is the provision of passenger airline and cargo transport services together with related services, which are provided through SAA and its four wholly owned subsidiaries: SAA Technical; Mango its low cost carrier; Air Chefs, the catering entity of SAA and South African Travel Centre (SATC). SAA is the winner of the 'Best Airline in Africa' Award in the regional category for ten consecutive years and the winner of 'Service Excellence Africa' for three consecutive years. Mango and SAA hold the number one and number two successive spots as South Africa's most on time airlines. 
 Note to Photo Editors: A photograph is available at http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/facts/staralliance.html 
SOURCE: AIR CANADA
For further information: 
 Air Canada Contacts : 
