 Fourth consecutive year Air Canada rated Best in North America 
 MONTREAL, June 19, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named Best Airline in North America by the Skytrax 2013 World Airline Awards announced at the Paris Air Show. It is the fourth consecutive year Air Canada has been recognized as a leader in North America and ranked among the best airlines in the world. The annual poll, which is based on surveys of more than 18 million global passengers, is viewed as the key benchmarking tool for customer satisfaction by the global airline industry 
 "We are delighted that the Skytrax World Airline Awards has recognized Air Canada as the Best Airline in North America, making this the fourth consecutive year we have been named a leader in one of the most competitive markets on the planet. This award places Air Canada among the very best airlines in the world and confirms our ongoing commitment to excellent service," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive of Air Canada. "The ongoing transformation of Air Canada is indeed succeeding and our Four Star services on the ground and onboard are second to none - with such amenities as our seat back entertainment, Maple Leaf Lounges, concierge service and Executive First cabin with fully lie-flat suites. The award also reflects what our 35 million customers each year tell us through their loyalty: that Air Canada is one of the safest, most comfortable and convenient airlines to fly. I thank our 27,000 employees around the world for their pride, professionalism and dedication and who all share in winning this award." 
 "We congratulate Air Canada not only in winning this major award, but the fact they are continuing their success from earlier years to retain this title as the Best Airline in North America. This award for the Best Airline in North America is testament not only to the many improvements introduced by Air Canada during the past year, but to the standard of service being delivered by Air Canada staff in all customer-facing areas, on the ground and onboard flights," said Edward Plaisted, Chief Executive Officer of Skytrax. 
 The Skytrax Survey is operated during a 10-month period, with customers representing more than 100 nationalities from over 160 countries around the world participating. The 2013 Awards are based on 18.2 million completed customer surveys, and include over 200 airlines worldwide. The survey covered all types of airline, from largest international airlines to small domestic carriers, with customers ranking quality standards across more than 40 areas of airline front-line product and service. 
 About Air Canada 
