 Only International Airline with Non-stop Service to Rocky Mountain Ski Resort 
 MONTREAL, July 31, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced that it will launch weekly non-stop flights between Toronto and Vail, Colorado served by nearby Eagle County Regional Airport in time for the 2013-14 winter ski season. Air Canada will operate its new seasonal service to Vail on Saturdays beginning December 14, 2013 until April 5, 2014, with 120-seat Airbus A319 aircraft offering a choice of Executive or Economy Class service, and featuring complimentary seatback entertainment throughout the aircraft. Air Canada's flights to Vail from its main hub at Toronto Pearson International Airport are timed to offer customers easy flight connections throughout its extensive network in Eastern and Atlantic Canada including Ottawa, Montreal and Halifax. 
 "Air Canada is pleased to offer customers the convenience of the only non-stop service between Canada and Colorado's world-famous resorts of Vail and Beaver Creek Mountains," said Marcel Forget, Air Canada's Vice President, Network Planning. "Customers beginning their ski holiday will appreciate the convenience of a mid-day arrival with just a short, 30-minute drive before reaching the slopes." 
 Greg Phillips, Aviation Director, Eagle County Regional Airport, said, "This new direct non-stop service from Air Canada's Toronto hub is the first international direct service at the Eagle County Regional Airport and makes it easier than ever for our Canadian friends to visit the world class resorts of Vail and Beaver Creek. We are very excited to welcome this new flight and look forward to a long and mutually beneficial relationship with Air Canada." 
 "Canada is one of our most important international markets, so we're thrilled that our Canadian guests can now enjoy a seamless travel experience to Vail and Beaver Creek, thanks to our valued Air Canada partnership," said Bob Stinchcomb, Vice President, Business Development of Vail Resorts. "We have seen consistent growth in visitation to Vail and Beaver Creek from the Canadian market over the last several years and this new non-stop service between Vail/Eagle and Toronto Pearson Airports will create an even more compelling reason for Canadians to experience our world-class mountain resorts, with same day skiing, unparalleled Vail Resorts service and incredible value. The Epic Pass has proven to be the best value lift pass in the industry, providing the opportunity to ski the world, with access to 18 mountain resorts, across three countries, on the one pass. We look forward to welcoming even more Canadians to our resorts for the coming winter season and having the opportunity to further enhance the value and experience for our valued Canadian guests". 
