 2013 jury announced including Wendy Crewson, Sarah Gadon, Evan Goldberg and more 
 MONTREAL, July 11, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada's enRoute Film Festival today announced it will showcase emerging Canadian short film talent on Air Canada flights around the world from August 1 to December 31, 2013. All 16 selected shorts will be announced at a free public screening at the Scotiabank Theatre in downtown Vancouver on Wednesday July 31 at 7 p.m. PT 
 Millions of Air Canada passengers will be able to view the selected short films on their personal seatback in-flight entertainment system and online at enRoutefilm.com. Passengers and movie lovers alike will have the chance to vote for their favourite film to win the People's Choice Award. Voting will start in August on enRoutefilm.com. 
 The films will compete to win prizes for Best Short Film, Achievement in Direction, Achievement in Cinematography, and Achievement in Animation. A free public screening of the finalist films will be held in Toronto on Wednesday November 6 at the Varsity Cinema. Prizes will be presented immediately following the screening, at an invitation-only awards celebration at Panorama Bar (55 Bloor Street West). A public screening and special filmmakers' event will also be held at the Centre Phi in Montreal in early November. 
 Once again this year, a star-studded jury will select the winners, who will each receive an all-inclusive trip for two to the Sundance Film Festival in Salt Lake City, Utah, courtesy of Air Canada. The winner of Best Short Film will also receive $5,000 courtesy of presenting sponsor Cineplex. 
 This year's jurors include (alphabetical order): 
 For news on the festival and film profiles, please visit www.enroutefilm.com. 
 Twitter: @enroutemag and @AirCanada; #EFF2013 Facebook: enRoute magazine and Air Canada Pinterest: enRoute Magazine 
 About Air Canada's enRoute In Flight Entertainment : Air Canada's enRoute In Flight Entertainment is programmed by Spafax, one of the world's leading custom publishers and providers of in-flight media, with offices in eight cities around the world. Spafax is a part of the specialist communications division of WPP. http://enroute.aircanada.com/ 
 About Air Canada: 
