 RED DEER, AB, Sept. 3, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - With this morning's departure of Air Canada Express flight AC7207 from Red Deer to Calgary, Central Alberta officially became part of Air Canada's global network of more than 175 destinations on five continents.  An inaugural celebration was held at Red Deer Airport prior to the flight's departure with local travel partners and community leaders. 
 "We are delighted to welcome Central Albertans onboard our newest regional services at Red Deer Airport," said Marcel Forget, Air Canada's Vice President of Network Planning.  "With Red Deer now conveniently linked into Air Canada's worldwide network, we are seeing customers booked on Red Deer flights connecting to other points across Canada, to U.S. destinations including Washington DC, Chicago, cities in Florida and California, and also to international points such as Zurich and Tokyo." 
 "We're pleased to welcome Air Canada to Red Deer Airport and congratulate them for embracing the opportunity to provide convenient air travel to and from Central Alberta," said RJ Steenstra, CEO, Red Deer Airport Authority. "Our businesses and citizens are now connected to the rest of Canada and the world and that has broad economic opportunity and impact for the region. As well, with no-charge parking at the terminal and fast check-in combined with Air Canada's award winning service, passengers will be delighted in the experience flying from Red Deer Airport," Steenstra adds. 
 "Opening new markets is a key part of our government's Building Alberta Plan because we know more markets means more opportunities for all Albertans. Air Canada's global network now connects the people and business of central Alberta to over 175 destinations on five continents - that is a world of possibilities for Red Deer and the region to find new markets and make new friends,"  commented Cal Dallas, Minister of International and Intergovernmental Relations and MLA for Red Deer-South. 
 "The addition of Air Canada's Red Deer to Calgary service links Central Alberta to YYC's extensive network of non-stop destinations," said Stephan Poirier, Senior Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer for The Calgary Airport Authority. "Our ability to connect passengers around the world is what continues to make us the hub of choice in the region." 
 Air Canada offers three daily flights between Red Deer Airport and Calgary International Airport, timed to enable convenient connections to and from other flights in Air Canada's extensive domestic and international network at Calgary. Flights between Red Deer and Calgary are operated by Air Georgian under the Air Canada Express brand, using 18-seat Beechcraft 1900D aircraft. 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 53 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada rewards its most loyal customers through its top tier recognition program, Altitude, that offers frequent flyers a range of priority travel services, lounge access and upgrades to Executive Class, complementing their membership in Aeroplan, Canada's premier loyalty program, which provides numerous ways to earn and redeem Aeroplan Miles with over 150 travel and retail partners. 
 Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax. In 2013, Air Canada was ranked for a fourth consecutive year "Best Airline in North America" in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by Skytrax.  According to the 2012 Canadian Business Travel Survey conducted by Ipsos Reid, Air Canada was the preferred airline for more than 79 percent of frequent business travellers in Canada.  In 2012, readers of Global Traveler magazine voted Air Canada "Best Airline in North America," the readers of Business Traveler voted Air Canada "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best In-Flight Services in North America," and the readers of Premier Traveler voted Air Canada "Best North American Airline for Business Class Service," "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best Flight Attendants in North America."  For more information on Air Canada visit aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook. 
SOURCE: Air Canada
