 Widening Margin Confirms Air Canada's Lead Position Among Canadian Carriers 
 MONTREAL, Sept. 16, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named Canada's favourite airline for business travel in the Ipsos Reid Business Traveller Survey. Air Canada was preferred by 81 per cent of Canadian frequent business travellers surveyed for 2013, an improvement of 12 percentage points in Air Canada's ratings in the national survey over the past five years. 
 "Air Canada is proud to be named Canada's preferred airline by our most discerning customers -business travellers. This year's Ipsos Reid Business Traveller Survey confirms that Canada's frequent travelers recognize Air Canada as their preferred airline by a growing margin - the widest margin versus our domestic competitors since 2008," said Ben Smith, Air Canada's Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. "Air Canada's year-over-year increases in ratings underscore our commitment to continued improvements in our products, including new and refurbished aircraft and Maple Leaf Lounges, improved priority airport services and on-board service enhancements for the comfort and convenience of our customers. In addition, our efforts to improve On-Time Performance are succeeding with increases of 30 per cent over last year achieved in the past two quarters. On behalf of our 27,000 employees worldwide, we would like to thank our customers for having voted Air Canada Best Airline in North America for the past four years and assure them we remain focused on earning their loyalty as North America's only international four-star airline." 
 The survey showed consistently strong ratings in customer preference for Air Canada's frequent flyer reward program, flight schedule, business class service, Maple Leaf Lounges and complimentary in-flight entertainment. Among other things, the survey of frequent business travelers found:  
 About the Survey 
 The 21st annual Canadian Business Travel Study is an online survey conducted independently by Ipsos Reid.  The survey includes business travellers who travel a minimum of six round trip flights for business in the past 12 months. 
 About Ipsos Reid 
 Ipsos is a leading global survey-based market research company, owned and managed by research professionals. Ipsos helps interpret, simulate, and anticipate the needs and responses of consumers, customers, and citizens around the world. 
 Member companies assess market potential and interpret market trends. They develop and build brands. They help clients build long-term relationships with their customers. They test advertising and study audience responses to various media. They measure public opinion around the globe. 
 Ipsos member companies offer expertise in advertising, customer loyalty, marketing, media, and public affairs research, as well as forecasting, modeling, and consulting. Ipsos has a full line of custom, syndicated, omnibus, panel, and online research products and services, guided by industry experts and bolstered by advanced analytics and methodologies. The company was founded in 1975 and has been publicly traded since 1999. 
 Visit www.ipsos.ca to learn more about Ipsos' offerings and capabilities. 
 About Air Canada 
