 MONTREAL, Sept. 18, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced the appointment of Kevin Howlett, currently Senior Vice President, Employee Relations, to the new position of Senior Vice President, Regional Markets with overall responsibility for the strategic direction of Air Canada's regional operations and the relationship with current and future regional carriers operating on its behalf.  
 "I am pleased to announce Kevin's appointment to this new role," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer.  "His proven strategic and relationship management skills as well as his experience in regional markets across Canada will be invaluable as we focus on competing more  effectively in rapidly evolving regional markets as low cost operators continue to grow, both in Canada and the United States. 
 "Over the past two years Air Canada has made significant changes to its regional airline strategy including embarking on a carrier diversification program and a re-branding of all regional partners as Air Canada Express. Kevin's mandate will include a focus on further reducing the cost of Air Canada's regional lift as well as strengthening Air Canada's presence in regional communities." 
 In his new role, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Kevin will also work in association with Derek Vanstone, Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Industry &amp; Government Affairs, to strengthen regional business and community relationships. 
 Prior to this appointment Kevin Howlett oversaw the human resource and labour relations functions at the airline. Kevin has over 35 years of related experience in the airline industry, and previously held the positions of Vice President, Labour Relations with Air Canada Jazz, and Vice President of Labour Relations &amp; Human Resources at Canadian Airlines International. 
 Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, currently Senior Director, Human Resources, is promoted to the new position of Vice President, Human Resources. In this role, Arielle will assume responsibility for all aspects of Human Resources with the exception of Labour Relations, which continues to be the responsibility of Scott Morey, Vice President, Labour Relations. 
 "Arielle's solid track record of excellence in her previous roles with the airline, her proven leadership abilities and strategic management skills will further strengthen our leadership team," said Mr. Rovinescu. "In particular, I look forward to her ongoing contribution in the development of people strategy and the implementation of many culture change initiatives planned or in progress across the company." 
