 MONTREAL, Oct. 17, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - The Air Canada enRoute Film Festival is pleased to announce their first-ever film industry panel, to be held November 4, 2013, at the Centre Phi in Montreal. Aimed at film students, emerging filmmakers and the media, the discussion will focus on the complex world of festivals and film markets, the distribution of short works and methods of obtaining financing for a film based on the success of a first short. The panel discussion will start at 6 p.m. and will be followed by a screening of the top Air Canada enRoute Film Festival films at 7:30 p.m. and a networking cocktail at 9 p.m., to continue the conversation. 
 "In the spirit of supporting our young filmmakers to take flight, we want to offer them a unique opportunity for exchange and dialogue with industry mentors that can help them take their art to the next level," says Éric Lauzon, Manager, In-Flight Entertainment, Air Canada. 
 A Festival that soars For the 7th edition of the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival, the nominated films were once again presented on board Air Canada flights starting in August, 2013. Again this year, Quebec talent is prominently featured, with films by Émilie Gauthier (Imparfaite), Eileen Peng (Godfather Death), Mariane Laporte and Roland Cody Larocque (Beau comme dans les films) and Samuel Labarre (Exsilium). The winners will be selected by a jury composed of well-known film industry personalities, including Michael McGowan, Martin Katz and Quebecers Suzanne Clément and Chloé Robichaud in the following categories: Best Short Film, Achievement in Animation, Achievement in Direction and Achievement in Cinematography. The public, invited to vote since the start of the Festival, will also crown the winner of the People's Choice Award for their favourite short film. All winners will be announced during an awards ceremony in Toronto on November 6, 2013. 
 The finalists in the 2013 Air Canada enRoute Film Festival are: 
 Godfather Death (Eileen Peng), Montreal Just As I Remember (Andrew Moir), Toronto Walk the Moon (Roman Tchjen and Vaishni Majoomdar), Toronto The Worst Day Ever (Sophie Jarvis and Kane Stewart), Vancouver 
 High-flying awards The winner of the Best Short Film Award will receive a cash prize of $5,000, courtesy of Cineplex Entertainment. In addition, all winners will receive an all-inclusive trip for two to the Sundance Film Festival in Utah, courtesy of Air Canada. The winner of the People's Choice Award will also receive a trip for two to a Canadian destination of their choice, courtesy of Air Canada. 
 Industry experts supporting emerging talent  In addition to providing much-needed exposure, the Festival aims to give emerging Canadian filmmakers the tools to take their films to new heights and open the discussion on opportunities in the international film industry. It is with this in mind that Canadian film industry representatives, including filmmakers, programmers and distributors, are invited to attend this special event on November 4th. These men and women will share their vast experience in short films with attendees and give advice to young filmmakers who are ready to take the next step. 
 For more information on the Festival and on the nominated films, please visit the Festival website at www.enroutefilm.com. 
 Twitter: @enroutemag and @AirCanada; #EFF2013 Facebook: Air Canada enRoute Film Festival, enRoute magazine and Air Canada Pinterest: enRoute magazine 
