 Air Canada among top 100 of 75,000 employers examined by Mediacorp competition 
 MONTREAL, Oct. 22, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been recognized as one of "Canada's Top 100 Employers" in an annual survey by Mediacorp Canada Inc. The national competition, which begins by examining the recruitment histories of more than 75,000 employers across Canada, chooses top companies after conducting a detailed review of their operations and Human Resources practices, including a comparison of others in their industry and region. 
 "Air Canada is pleased to be one of the top 100 employers in Canada. We invest a great deal in the well-being of our employees and we are thrilled to be recognized as a company that values its workforce through best practice programs and working conditions. Our employees, in turn, take great pride in delivering the safest and best possible customer experience every day," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Vice President Human Resources at Air Canada. "As a progressive employer, Air Canada has always been attractive to people seeking fulfilling career opportunities and we receive on average close to 100 applications for each position we fill." 
 The award is part of Mediacorp's "Canada's Top 100 Employers" project. The annual competition evaluates and identifies the country's leading companies and organizations for attracting and retaining employees.  The competition focuses on eight key areas: physical workplace; work and social atmosphere; health, financial and family benefits; vacation and time off; employee communications; performance management; training and skills development and community involvement. In citing Air Canada, Mediacorp noted that Air Canada "recognizes and encourages employee volunteers through the Volunteer Involvement Program - donating airline tickets to charitable organizations where employees volunteer." 
 Those interested in a career with Air Canada are invited to consult the recruitment section of our website at http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/career/index.html 
