 MONTREAL, April 7, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced a private offering of US$300 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the "Notes").  Air Canada intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of Air Canada and will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by one of Air Canada's subsidiaries. 
 The Notes will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws. The Notes will be offered and sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to persons other than U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 The Notes will not be qualified for sale to the public under applicable Canadian securities laws and, accordingly, any offer and sale of the Notes in Canada will be made on a basis that is exempt from the prospectus requirement of such securities laws. 
 This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell the Notes or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes, nor will there be any sale of the Notes, in any state or jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.  The Notes will be offered only through a preliminary and final offering memorandum and this press release is not intended to serve as the basis for any investment decision. 
 About Air Canada  
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 72 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,269 airports in 193 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  
