 -- Launch coincides with new Boeing 787 Dreamliner debut -- 
 TORONTO, May 20, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Today's official debut of a new brand campaign and the arrival of Air Canada's new Boeing 787 Dreamliner usher in a new era for the nation's airline. 
 In 2009, Air Canada declared its ambition to become a true global carrier, competing against the world's best airlines.  Five years later, several key elements of that strategy are now in place, including: 
 "Given the evolution of our business strategy, the time is right for us to adopt a more global brand positioning," said Craig Landry, Vice President, Marketing at Air Canada.  "Air Canada successfully competes every day with the best airlines in the world, and we wanted a creative brand platform that would help elevate our brand and reflect our aspirations." 
 Your World Awaits 
 The breaking campaign, by JWT Canada, Air Canada's new AOR appointed in September, connects the evolution of Air Canada's product and service strategy with an ongoing commitment to deliver the world class travel experience today's traveller expects.  It also builds on a key insight from consumers that the richness of their experiences when they travel becomes a part of them and forms a part of who they are. 
 The work launches a new tagline, "Your world awaits." which serves as an invitation to the Air Canada experience and celebrates the sense of curiosity and pursuit of excellence that the airline shares with today's global traveller.  "It's a new voice, tone and manner for Air Canada, yes, but is also about listening to our customers," says Selma Filali, Director Marketing Communications at Air Canada.  "For us, it's about reflecting our commitment to meet the highest expectations that will help the globally minded traveller make the most of the experiences ahead of them," Filali explains. 
 A fresh, sophisticated photographic look, a premium and global sensibility, and a more provocative tone of voice support the invitation to the enriching experience that the tagline evokes. 
 "Today's traveller lives life on a global scale.  They seek experiences that turn every journey into an opportunity to do more, be better and to go farther on a more personal level," says Susan KimKirkland, JWT's CEO. "Air Canada knows that they expect more from airlines and they are focused on improving the flight experience for their customers.  This campaign is in direct response to what the traveller is telling us - Travel isn't an escape anymore, it's an entrance." 
 "We are so excited to show Canadians, and the world at large, that we are proud to be the airline that connects people to the amazing world that awaits us all every day," adds Filali. 
 The integrated campaign debuts across the country today in both languages with an innovative media strategy that includes: 
 The new campaign will also be supported in broadcast TV set to launch nationally in July. 
 About Air Canada  
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 72 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,269 airports in 193 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
 About JWT Canada  
 JWT is the world's best-known marketing communications brand that has been inventing pioneering ideas for the past 150 years, JWT Canada for 84 of those years. With three locations in Canada, Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver, JWT is a true global network with more than 200 offices in over 90 countries, employing nearly 10,000 marketing professionals. JWT consistently ranks among the top agency networks in the world and continues a dominant presence in the industry by staying on the leading edge - from producing the first-ever TV commercial in 1939 to developing award-winning branded content today. For more information, please visit www.jwtcanada.ca and follow @JWTCanada. 
