 ST. JOHN'S, June 2, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced that its non-stop St. John's to London Heathrow, U. K. flights will operate year-round beginning October 26, 2014. Air Canada flights offer convenient connections via London to points throughout Europe, the Middle East and Africa with its Star Alliance partner carriers. Air Canada will operate the only year-round non-stop service between Newfoundland and Labrador and Europe. 
 "Air Canada is pleased to offer the only year-round non-stop flights between St. John's and London Heathrow. On-going support for the seasonal service by the local community over the past several years now enables us to extend it and offer travellers in Newfoundland and Labrador the convenience of year-round flights to London Heathrow," said Benjamin Smith, Executive Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. "Our customers in Newfoundland and Labrador value this direct link to the U.K., as the fastest and most efficient way of making connections to several European capitals such as Brussels, Stockholm, Oslo, Copenhagen, Vienna, Warsaw and Athens. Our year-round flight will also attract more visitors to Newfoundland and Labrador and support the local economy." 
 "The London Heathrow service is strategically very important for the continued growth of our region and our province, and we are delighted that Air Canada has committed to extend the service year-round.  Offering this service outside of the peak travel summer season will accommodate the growing demand for international business travel from our Airport," said Keith Collins, President and CEO of St. John's International Airport Authority. 
 "The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador is pleased that Air Canada has made the decision to return to year-round, direct flights from St. John's to London and we are delighted to provide our support to ensure its success. This move further illustrates the strong business climate here in Newfoundland and Labrador and validates the increasing demand for continued international access.  This flight will not only enhance our tourism market, but will strengthen our access to European markets and positions Newfoundland and Labrador as a destination of choice for business," said the Honourable Susan Sullivan, Minister of Innovation, Business and Rural Development. 
 Flights will operate three times a week on Monday-Thursday-Saturday leaving St. John's at 00:40, arriving in London at 09:15, re-departing from London at 11:05 and arriving back in St. John's at 13:05. 
 At London Heathrow Airport Air Canada offers convenient connections to points throughout Europe, the Middle East and Africa with its Star Alliance partners: Aegean Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, Croatia Airlines, Egyptair, Ethiopian Airlines, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, Scandinavian Airlines, South African Airways, Swiss International Airlines and Turkish Airlines, in addition to codeshare partner Aer Lingus. 
 Customers should take note that starting June 18, 2014, all Air Canada flights will arrive and depart from Heathrow Airport's new Terminal 2, also known as The Queen's Terminal. For more information on the new terminal please visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/travelinfo/airport/heathrow.html 
 In St. John's, Air Canada's flights are timed to offer convenient connections to and from Deer Lake, Halifax, Montreal and Toronto. 
 Air Canada will operate the route using newly refurbished 120-seat Airbus A319 aircraft in a two-cabin configuration offering a choice of Executive Class and Economy service. The A319 jets feature Air Canada's personal entertainment system with 8.9-inch wide digital in-seat monitors and touch-screen controls offering hours of audio and video on demand programming at every seat.  Other features include in-seat power within reach of every customer. 
