 MONTREAL and HEATHROW, U.K., June 24, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today officially opened its latest International Maple Leaf Lounge at London Heathrow Airport's new Terminal 2, also known as The Queen's Terminal, Departures Area 2B. Located at Star Alliance's largest airport hub and Air Canada's largest international station, Air Canada's London Heathrow Maple Leaf Lounge is a serene, stylish oasis where eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers can rest, refuel or refresh before their flight in an inspiring, contemporary environment that is a celebration of Canadian design, artistry and craftsmanship. 
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140624/121096) 
 "We are delighted to welcome Air Canada and Star Alliance eligible customers to our new Maple Leaf Lounge at London Heathrow's new Terminal 2," said Craig Landry, Vice President, Marketing at a reception with invited guests to mark today's official opening of the lounge. "Our newest International Maple Leaf Lounge was created as an extension of the overall travel experience for our International Business customers.  Our Heathrow customers will enjoy a calm and inspiring environment in which to work or relax before their Air Canada or connecting Star Alliance flight. We are proud to showcase contemporary Canadian design, artwork and the majestic natural beauty of Canada in our Maple Leaf Lounges." 
 Designed by Bennett Lo Toronto's award-winning firm dialogue 38 who also designed Air Canada's Frankfurt Maple Leaf Lounge, Air Canada's Heathrow 700-square-metre Maple Leaf Lounge is a home away from home prior to flight, featuring: 
 Eligible customers include Air Canada Altitude Super Elite 100K, Elite 75K and Elite 50K members, Star Alliance Gold members and customers travelling in Business Class, who have confirmed same-day travel on a departing Air Canada or Star Alliance flight. 
 In 2014, Air Canada will operate up to 77 round-trip flights each week between Canada and London Heathrow with non-stop flights to eight destinations across Canada: Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, Halifax and St. John's. 
 Air Canada's London International Lounge is the airline's 21st Maple Leaf Lounge, and the fourth in Europe, along with departure lounges at Paris Charles de Gaulle and Frankfurt. In the United States, Air Canada operates Maple Leaf Lounges at Los Angeles International Airport and at New York LaGuardia. In Canada, Air Canada has 15 Maple Leaf Lounges at airports across the country. For more information on Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges please visit aircanada.com/lounge. 
