 Convenient daytime flight to Tokyo-Haneda provides easy access to downtownTokyo 
 MONTREAL, July 1, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada will inaugurate service today between Toronto and Tokyo-Haneda with the departure of flight AC005. The year-round service is the only non-stop flight between Toronto and Tokyo-Haneda, located less than 30 minutes from downtown Tokyo. The new route will complement Air Canada's existing flights to Tokyo Narita International Airport from Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver. 
 "Air Canada is certain its customers, especially business travelers to Japan, will enjoy the option of flying to Tokyo-Haneda airport. Located less than 30 minutes by monorail from Tokyo's central business district, Tokyo-Haneda is Japan's busiest airport and is popular with travelers going into the city. For added convenience, the service is a daytime flight to Tokyo-Haneda from North America, offering a schedule that will appeal to those seeking to maximize productivity during their trip. It will also further strengthen our Toronto global hub, whose easy connection processes and shorter elapsed flying times make it ideal for travelers to and from the U.S. north-east," said Benjamin Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Air Canada. 
 "To provide customers choice, Air Canada will continue to offer service from Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver to Narita airport. Both Japanese airports offer a wealth of onward domestic and international connections through ANA and our other Star Alliance partners. All flights to Japan feature Air Canada's international business class with lie-flat seats, Maple Leaf Lounge access and concierge service for eligible customers, Aeroplan redemption and accumulation, and the other amenities for which Air Canada is recognized by Skytrax as the Best Airline in North America." 
 The Tokyo-Haneda service will launch using a Boeing 777-300ER aircraft and transition in mid-July to Boeing 787 Dreamliner service, making it Air Canada's first scheduled route for the new aircraft. The 787 aircraft features a brand new contemporary décor and three cabins of service, International Business with 180-degree lie-flat pod seating, Premium Economy and Economy. It also offers an extensive choice of in-flight entertainment on enhanced-definition, seat-back touch screens along with power outlets and USB ports available for all customers. Visit 787.aircanada.com for full details and a virtual tour of the aircraft and its cabin amenities. 
 Air Canada's schedule for Toronto-Tokyo-Haneda is: 
 With the new Tokyo-Haneda route, our fifth Asian airport to be served from our Toronto hub, Air Canada will offer the most flights of any airline between Canada and Japan with service from three Canadian cities: 
