 Results based on nearly 19 million passenger responses worldwide 
 MONTREAL, July 15, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named Best Airline in North America in the Skytrax 2014 World Airline Awards at the Farnborough International Airshow. It is the fifth consecutive year Air Canada has been recognized as the best airline in North America and among the leading carriers of the world. The annual poll, based on surveys of nearly 19 million global passengers, is regarded as a key benchmarking tool for product excellence and customer satisfaction by the global airline industry. 
 "We are extremely pleased that the Skytrax World Airline Awards have recognized Air Canada as the Best Airline in North America for five straight years. The North American aviation industry is highly competitive and it is therefore a source of great pride for Air Canada to consistently lead in this geography in terms of both service excellence and industry-leading products. Being the Best Airline in North America also places Air Canada amongst the leading airlines of the world and sets the bar very high to continue improving.  We are delighted to have established a leadership position in such a global industry from a Canadian base," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 "This award also reflects what more than 35 million customers tell us each year through their greatly appreciated loyalty: that Air Canada is one of the safest, most comfortable and convenient airlines to fly. I thank our 27,000 employees around the world, who all share in winning this award, for their professionalism and dedication." 
 "Air Canada has a secure grip on this award as Best Airline in North America, being a repeat winner again in 2014. With the awards voted for by airline customers worldwide, they represent the voice of passengers, and being a truly global survey are regarded as a benchmark of airline excellence," said Edward Plaisted, Chief Executive Officer of Skytrax. "This award recognizes the front-line service quality being delivered by Air Canada staff across all customer-facing areas, both in the airport and onboard environment, and it is their success that we are honoring today with this award." 
 About the World Airline Awards 
