 MONTREAL, Aug. 12, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - This year's Air Canada Foundation golf tournament raised a record of over $1,000,000 in support of organizations focused on health and wellbeing of children in Canada.  Now in its third year, the tournament was held Monday, August 11th, at the Saint Raphaël Golf Club, Québec. The event featured 73 teams totaling 292 golfers from across North America. It included a full day of golf followed by dinner and silent and live auctions of items donated by tournament partners. 
 Aimia was the presenting sponsor of this year's event which was supported by more than 115 Canadian and international corporations and organizations. To view a complete list of supporters, please visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/community/foundation 
 "With the unwavering support of Air Canada's friends, partners and employees, the Foundation's signature fundraising event has exceeded its million dollar target in just three years," said Priscille LeBlanc, Air Canada's Vice President, Corporate Communications and Chair of the Air Canada Foundation. "The funds raised will increase the Foundation's ability to make a difference in the lives of thousands of children across Canada through financial and travel assistance to children's hospitals, charitable organizations and causes focused on helping children in need. On behalf of all the people whose lives are touched by the Air Canada Foundation, I extend a heartfelt thank you to our loyal sponsors, participants and volunteers for their on-going enthusiasm and generosity." 
 As a registered not-for-profit organization, the Air Canada Foundation's mission is to help connect sick children to the medical care they need, grant children's wishes and alleviate child poverty. The Foundation also actively participates in humanitarian activity following natural disasters around the world. The following are highlights of the Air Canada Foundation's activities in 2013: 
 Cash Donations 
 Funds are donated to programs or projects submitted by eligible registered charitable organizations which meet the Air Canada Foundation selection criteria. Information is available at aircanada.com/foundation. Some of the recipients of the 2013 fund donations were: 
 In-Kind Support 
 In 2013, the Air Canada Foundation managed over $3.5M in in-kind support donated by Air Canada including: 
 Humanitarian Aid 
 Following natural disasters the Air Canada Foundation provides humanitarian aid to those communities across the globe that need it most: 
 About the Air Canada Foundation 
 In celebration of its 75 years of community involvement, Air Canada launched in 2012 the Air Canada Foundation, a not-for-profit organization focused on the health and well-being of children in need. The Air Canada Foundation offers both financial and in-kind support, through travel assistance, to Canadian registered charities. Core programs include the Hospital Transportation Program, which donates Aeroplan Miles to pediatric hospitals across Canada enabling children to access medical care unavailable locally; the Volunteer Involvement Program (VIP) recognizes the involvement of employees in their local community by providing airline tickets to the registered charities in support of their fundraising initiatives. The Foundation in collaboration with the airline also engages directly in fundraising activities such as the Every Bit Counts program which encourages customers to donate loose change of all denominations onboard flights or through airport collection containers. The Foundation also offers continued support to major health-related causes that benefit Canadians and is an active participant in international humanitarian relief activity as the need arises. For more information about The Air Canada Foundation, please visit www.aircanada.com/foundation or the 2012 Corporate Sustainability Report, Citizens of the World, online at http://www.aircanada.com/csr. 
