2015 summer peak capacity increase of 20 per cent over 2014 for a total of 50 per cent capacity growth from Montreal to Europe over the past two years
MONTREAL, Sept. 25, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it is boosting its international Summer 2015 capacity to Europe from Montreal's Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport by 20 per cent over 2014 with the launch of seasonal non-stop flights between Montreal and Venice, a doubling of flights to Paris and added service to Athens and Barcelona. 
"Air Canada continues its international expansion from Montreal next summer led by the addition of new Air Canada rouge service between Montreal and Venice.  Other enhancements to the summer schedule include double daily Air Canada service to Paris from Montreal, featuring Air Canada's award-winning International Business Class service, and increased weekly Air Canada rouge frequencies to such popular vacation destinations as Barcelona and Athens," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada. "This represents a 20% capacity increase to Europe over last summer, 50% over the past two years, reinforcing Montréal-Trudeau Airport as a strategic hub and international gateway for Air Canada, connecting its Québec, Atlantic Canada and U.S. networks with its European routes."
"We are very pleased with the growth of Air Canada's capacity to Europe," said James Cherry, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aéroports de Montréal.  "Air Canada's expansion strengthens the position of Montreal-Trudeau and underscores the benefits of our strong partnership with Montreal's largest carrier."
Highlights of the 2015 summer schedule include:
By Summer 2015, Air Canada, Air Canada rouge and its regional commercial partners flying under the Air Canada Express banner will operate on average approximately 2,000 flights per week from Montreal to 71 destinations: 23 in Canada including 9 in Québec, 15 in the United States, 23 in the Caribbean and Mexico, and 10 European gateways.
About Air Canada 
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 73 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,316 airports in 192 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2014 for the fifth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com.
About Air Canada rouge 
Air Canada rouge is Air Canada's new leisure airline, part of the Air Canada Leisure Group, along with Air Canada Vacations. Together with Air Canada Vacations, Air Canada rouge offers competitively-priced travel to 45 exciting leisure destinations on 61 routes in Japan, Europe (including Edinburgh, Venice, Athens, Lisbon, Dublin, Nice, Barcelona, Rome and Manchester) and multiple destinations in Mexico, the U.S. and the Caribbean (including Cuba, Costa Rica, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic). 
