Air Canada's Margin Relative to Domestic Competitors Continues to Widen
MONTREAL, Sept. 22, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named Canada's favourite airline for business travel in the Ipsos Reid Canadian Business Traveller Study.  Air Canada was the preferred airline of 83 per cent of Canadian frequent business travellers surveyed for 2014, an improvement of 14 percentage points in Air Canada's ratings in the national survey over the past six years.
"Air Canada is very pleased to be the preferred airline of 83 per cent of those customers who fly most often and have the widest experience of air travel – namely frequent business travellers.  Our rating has now improved 14 percentage points since 2008 according to the Ipsos Reid Canadian Business Travel Study, the most extensive survey of its kind in Canada. We are especially gratified that the trend is positive across the country, with a significant increase in our preferred rating among Western Canadian business travellers in 2014," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "The margin between Air Canada and its major domestic competitors continues to grow, reflecting customer appreciation of the continued improvements we have made to our products, including new and refurbished aircraft and Maple Leaf Lounges, improved priority airport services and on-board service enhancements for the comfort and convenience of our customers. Business travellers also prize our superior schedule, with more than 1,500 daily departures system-wide to provide the most frequencies of any Canadian carrier, and the widest choice of routings, as Air Canada serves more than 180 destinations on five continents. On behalf of our 27,000 employees worldwide, we thank our customers for their continued support, including also for having voted Air Canada Best Airline in North America for the past five years, and we remain focused on earning their loyalty as North America's only international Four-Star airline."
The survey showed consistently strong ratings in customer preference for Air Canada's frequent flyer reward program, flight schedule, business class service, Maple Leaf Lounges and complimentary in-flight entertainment. Among other things, the survey found:
About the Survey
The 22nd annual Canadian Business Travel Study is an online survey conducted independently by Ipsos Reid.  The survey includes business travellers who travel a minimum of six round trip flights for business in the past 12 months.
