MONTREAL, Oct. 1, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today that it will introduce non-stop flights between Toronto and Mont-Tremblant, Quebec. Service to Mont-Tremblant will be operated four times per week by Air Canada Express with 74-seat Bombardier Q400 aircraft. Flights will operate between December 18, 2014 and March 30, 2015 during peak winter skiing season. Flights will be available for purchase tomorrow at www.aircanada.com and through travel agents.  Sample introductory one-way fares including all taxes from Toronto start as low as C$159. In addition, customers collect Aeroplan Miles through Canada's leading loyalty program when travelling with Air Canada.
"We are pleased to offer our customers a convenient schedule for long weekend escapes with flights to Mont-Tremblant timed to connect at Air Canada's global hub in Toronto to and from our extensive U.S. and Canadian networks," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada.  "We are thrilled to launch this new service to the Upper Laurentian region famous for a wide variety of outdoor activities including skiing at the world renowned Mont-Tremblant ski resort, that will boost tourism and contribute to the local economy."
To Patrice Malo, Chairman of the Board of the Tremblant Resort Association, the announcement of a direct connection between Toronto and Tremblant International Airport fits in perfectly with Tremblant's development plan. "It's excellent news – it's a unique opportunity to make access to our resort destination even easier. In addition to offering leisure travellers new possibilities, this new non-stop service offers us a global connection by positioning Tremblant alongside international organizations as well as on the highly competitive business tourism market. Tremblant has never been so accessible!"
"We are extremely pleased our efforts to increase visibility are endorsed by a highly acclaimed air carrier such as Air Canada. A very promising project for the entire region, it affords growth opportunities that should be seized upon, that are sure to meet Torontonians' expectations and allow us to move forward with our development," explains Louise Champagne, President of Tourisme Mont-Tremblant. "With these new connections, we'll be welcoming many new travellers here to enjoy the distinctive merits our region has to offer, and the savoir-faire of our partners in tourism."
