Toronto global hub international expansion continues with new route to the Middle East 
MONTREAL, Dec. 8, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today said that it will launch non-stop service between Toronto and Dubai beginning in November 2015. The new route will extend the airline's international network farther into the Middle East at a time of increased travel between North America and the region.
"Air Canada's international growth strategy continues to accelerate with the addition of the seventh new international destination to our global network announced in the past year. The three-times-weekly Dubai service will be Air Canada's first non-stop flight to the UAE at a time when air travel between North America and the region is growing, including more international connecting traffic over our Toronto global hub," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer at Air Canada.
"The introduction of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Air Canada's fleet this year has been a catalyst for our international expansion plans, which will receive an additional impetus in 2015 when the larger Dreamliner 787-9 series aircraft begins to enter the fleet. The Dreamliner has brought international air travel to a new level of comfort and Air Canada has further enhanced the experience with its award-winning, three-cabin service."
The Honourable Lisa Raitt, Minister of Transport, said: "This government is committed to helping the Canadian air industry increase its access to international markets. Air Canada's new service will play an important role in opening new markets in the Middle East and offer more options for travellers between Canada and the region. This benefits our air sector and promotes increased trade."
The new route will increase Air Canada's presence in the Middle East by providing its customers with direct, non-stop access to Dubai, complementing its other services in the region. Air Canada currently serves the region primarily through an extensive joint venture with its JV and Star Alliance partner Lufthansa over Frankfurt and Munich. In addition, the new route will build on Air Canada's existing codeshare relationship with Etihad Airways, with whom it codeshares on three flights a week between Toronto and Abu Dhabi, in the UAE.
Since last December, Air Canada has announced new international service to Delhi, Amsterdam, Rio de Janeiro, Osaka, Tokyo-Haneda and Panama City. Including Dubai, Air Canada now serves or has announced service to a total of 66 international destinations on five continents from its Toronto global hub.
Tickets for Dubai go on sale Dec. 16, 2014 and the three-times-weekly service starts on Nov. 3, 2015. Flights will be operated with the Boeing 787 Dreamliner in a three cabin configuration, including next generation lie-flat seats in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin, and upgraded In-Flight Entertainment available at every seat throughout the aircraft. Flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access in Toronto, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC056
Toronto
Dubai
20:55
18:40 (+ 1 day)
Tuesday*, Thursday, Saturday
AC057
Dubai
Toronto
23:55 
05:00 (+ 1 day)
Wednesday*, Friday, Sunday
