Highlights
MONTREAL, Dec. 10, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Winter is here and Air Canada is offering tips to ensure a smooth travel experience on Air Canada, Air Canada Express and Air Canada rouge flights. For the latest operational updates, customers are invited to visit aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and Facebook, and sign up for specific flight notification alerts. Additional information on what to expect and do in case of flight disruptions is available at aircanada.com/holidaytraveltips. To see how Air Canada prepares for winter, and what is done behind the scenes to get customers on their way safely during weather disruptions, go to aircanada.com/winterreadiness.
Flight status and travel updates onlineOperational news is available in the Daily Travel Outlook under the Flights section at the bottom of the home page at aircanada.com. Before leaving for the airport customers should check the status of their flights on aircanada.com, or on an internet-enabled mobile device at mobile.aircanada.com, or by calling the toll free Air Canada flight status line at 1-888-422-7533; TTY (Hearing Impaired): 1-800-361-8071.
Customers who have booked with travel agencies or tour operators are also encouraged to check the status of their flights and travel packages with their travel provider.
Flight notificationAir Canada customers can receive flight delay and cancellation information directly on their mobile devices or via e-mail. To register or for more information, simply visit: aircanada.com/flightnotification.
Web and mobile check-in Air Canada customers can save time by checking-in before leaving for the airport within 24 hours of departure time either at aircanada.com or on their mobile devices through mobile.aircanada.com. Customers may also change their seat assignment and select the number of checked baggage.
Self-service rebooking toolIn the event of flight disruptions that may be caused by bad weather, customers are invited to rebook themselves using Air Canada's self-service rebooking tool available on aircanada.com or their mobile device. 
Electronic boarding passFor mobile, web check-in and kiosks, customers can choose to receive via email or SMS an electronic version of the boarding pass on their mobile devices. It can be used for domestic flights, for some flights between US and Canada, as well as international flights departing from Canada. To learn more: aircanada.com/ebp.
Recommended check-in times During peak travel days, Air Canada recommends that customers arrive early at the airport to avoid problems associated with holiday congestion. Information on check-in times during the peak holiday travel period are available at: aircanada.com/deadlines.
Baggage informationCustomers are reminded to ensure that all their valuables including electronics, documentation, medication, car keys, money, jewelry, cameras, etc., are with them or in their in carry-on bags and NOT in their checked bags. To facilitate security inspection, customers carrying gifts on board the aircraft should keep them unwrapped.
The carry-on baggage allowance is one standard article 23cm x 40cm x 55cm weighing a maximum of 10 kg, and one personal article 16cm x 33cm x 43cm weighing a maximum of 10 kg. More information is available at: aircanada.com/carryon. Passengers who exceed their allowance will be required to check their carry-on baggage, and additional checked baggage charges may apply.
Information on checked baggage allowance is available at: aircanada.com/checked.
StrollersAir Canada recommends the use of a small, umbrella type stroller as facilities are not designed to accommodate larger, heavy strollers. Collapsible strollers may be checked at the gate and will be delivered to you at the aircraft door. Details of the stroller policy are available at: aircanada.com/infant-child.
Sporting equipment Air Canada recommends that customers pre-register their sporting equipment by contacting Air Canada Reservations, Air Canada Vacations or their travel agent up to 24 hours prior to departure. Some sporting equipment is entitled to a waiver of oversize and/or additional piece charges. Details are available at: aircanada.com/excessbaggage.
Skis and snowboards can now be carried for free between certain dates. Details of the new ski policy are available at: aircanada.com/sportsequipment.
External and internal name tagsAs external baggage name tags sometimes become detached, Air Canada recommends that passengers place identification INSIDE their bag. A baggage ID template is available at: aircanada.com/baggageid.
Travelling with childrenParents travelling with children should ensure they have appropriate documents including birth certificate showing the name of both parents, legal documents pertaining to custody, or parental consent letter authorizing travel where the child is travelling alone or with only one parent.
Children travelling outside of Canada with one parent may require legal documentation proving the other parent or guardian's consent that the child may leave the country. Consult the Embassy or Consulate of the countries the child will be visiting and the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade at 1-800-267-8376 to determine if such documentation is necessary. 
Information on security measures  Government regulations stipulate customers can only transport in carry-on baggage a limited amount of liquid, gel and aerosol items: 100ml/100g (3.4 oz) per article or smaller. Larger containers must be placed in checked luggage. For more information on security measures, please consult the following official web sites: Transport Canada at www.tc.gc.ca  Canadian Air Transport Security Agency (CATSA) www.catsa.gc.ca/homeUSA Transportation Security Administration at www.tsa.govBritish Airports Authorities at www.baa.co.uk
In-Transit Pre-Clearance (ITPC) in Vancouver, Toronto and MontrealCustomers arriving in Vancouver, Montreal and Toronto from an international flight with a connecting flight to the U.S. do not go through Canadian Customs and Immigration. Their checked baggage is automatically transferred to their connecting flight. 
Duty-free purchasesAny duty-free items purchased before or during a flight that exceed current Government regulations will be confiscated at security check points unless there are sealed in Security Tamper Evident bags (STEBs). For more information please refer to the Canadian Air Transport Security Agency (CATSA) web-site: catsa.gc.ca/duty-free-purchases.
Travel documentationAll international travel requires a valid passport and in some cases other documentation, such as visas, as essential to enter the country of destination and/or for transiting connection countries. Domestic travel requires government-issued photo identification that includes date of birth and gender for all passengers 18 years of age and older. Government regulations require that the name provided in the flight reservation be exactly the same as it appears in the travel documentation.  More information is available at: aircanada.com/traveldocumentation. 
