MONTREAL, Feb. 4, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada customers are highly satisfied in general with the airline's ability to deliver service in their choice of English or French according to a survey of more than 2,600 of its customers conducted earlier this year by Ipsos Reid.
Ninety-one per cent of Air Canada customers said they were satisfied or extremely satisfied in general with Air Canada's ability to deliver service in their official language of choice.  In addition, the majority of customers surveyed, 56 per cent anglophone and 57 per cent francophone, said they believed Air Canada has improved its bilingual service delivery in the past year.  Air Canada is the only Canadian airline subject to the federal Official Languages Act.
"We are encouraged with what our customers are telling us," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Air Canada's Vice President, Human Resources and Co-Champion of Official Languages. "As one of Canada's most bilingual corporations, we take our linguistic responsibilities seriously and are proud of our commitment to serve customers in the official language of their choice.  We have worked many years to continuously improve our bilingual service offering, and we will continue to do so with the interest of our customers in mind."
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 185 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2014 served more than 38 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 61 Canadian cities, 50 destinations in the United States and 77 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,321 airports in 193 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2014 for the fifth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com.
