New route to popular resort city offers customers a convenient getaway option
TORONTO, March 4, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it is launching non-stop service between its Toronto Pearson hub and Atlantic City, NJ. The seasonal service, to be flown by Air Canada Express, operated by Jazz, will offer four return trips a week beginning May 22, 2015.
"Air Canada is pleased to be adding Atlantic City to its already extensive U.S. network. This new route will enable our customers to conveniently travel non-stop to Atlantic City where they can enjoy its famed boardwalk, beaches and casinos. It will also provide Atlantic City a direct connection to Air Canada's Toronto global hub. The flights will be conveniently timed to link with Air Canada's extensive network for connections to and from the rest of Canada and beyond with customers eligible to accumulate and redeem Aeroplan miles," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada.
"The Casino Reinvestment Development Authority welcomes Air Canada and looks forward to a strong and lasting relationship. Our organization understands the importance of increased air travel to create positive impact in the region, and the CRDA Board is fully on board with making strategic investments to expand service at the Atlantic City Airport. We are optimistic about the opportunity this provides," said John Palmieri, Executive Director of the CRDA.
"Atlantic City International Airport's new seasonal Air Canada service to and from Toronto demonstrates the continuing passenger demand for travel to Atlantic City and the surrounding region," said Port Authority Aviation Director Thomas Bosco. "It also is a reflection of the major investments put in Atlantic City International Airport in recent years, making this regional airport an attractive opportunity for carriers internationally, as well as domestically.''
Air Canada's service between Toronto Pearson and Atlantic City International Airport will be operated from May 22 to September 7, 2015, using a 74-seat Bombardier Q-400 aircraft:
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Day of week
AC7918
Toronto 10:05
Atlantic City 11:35
Monday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
AC7919
Atlantic City 12:05
