Canada's largest domestic and international airline sponsors conference to focus on role of women in future of business
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, March 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The organizers of "The Next Billion: Women and the Economy of the Future" conference today announced they have partnered with Air Canada to bring senior corporate leaders together to discuss concrete, practical ways in which women – as consumers, employees, entrepreneurs and executives – can contribute to the continuing success of companies in the international economy. The Next Billion conference will take place May 7 at the Vancouver Convention Centre. 
"Air Canada is very pleased to sponsor The Next Billion as we strongly endorse the organizers' goals. We have long prided ourselves on the diversity within our organization, including the prominent roles and contributions of women, who occupy many key decision-making positions at Air Canada. As a leading international carrier, we also whole-heartedly embrace the notion of acting and thinking globally and drawing upon the best in the world to meet modern business challenges," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Vice President, Human Resources at Air Canada.
Through a series of moderated discussions with key corporate decision-makers from North America, Europe and Latin America, the conference will provide crucial insights into how and why women are key to the long-term profitability and growth of businesses in the banking, consumer product, technology, and manufacturing sectors, among others. An emphasis will be placed on sharing concrete actions and policies that leading companies in these sectors have successfully used to tap the business potential of women globally. 
"Many conferences focus on health and social issues for women, but few if any deal with the role women can play in the future of global business," noted conference organizer, business owner and philanthropist Lisa Wolverton. "The Next Billion event will give senior leaders a forum to discuss how women can impact the bottom line and drive long-term economic growth in a results-oriented, practical way," 
In addition to IDB and its Multilateral Investment Fund, The Next Billion partners include BSR: Business for Social Responsibility, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, The United Nations Foundation and the World Bank Group/International Finance Corporation.
The Next Billion advisory board members include: 
For more information about the conference, please visit www.thenextbillionconference.com.
