MONTRÉAL, Oct. 21, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada is proud to announce the names of the finalists for the 9th edition of the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival. The prizes awarded during the Festival include Best Short Film, Achievement in Direction, Achievement in Cinematography, Achievement in Animation, Achievement in Documentary and, of course, the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival People's Choice Award. 
The finalists for the 2015 Edition of the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival are:
The winner of Best Short Film will be awarded a cash prize worth $5,000, courtesy of presenting sponsor Cineplex Entertainment. All of the winners will receive a trip for two to the 2016 Berlinale, courtesy of Air Canada. The winners will also receive numerous prizes to help them launch their cinematographic careers, offered by the Directors' Guild of Canada, William F. White International Inc., the National Film Board of Canada and the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival. Furthermore, the selected movies will be broadcast on the Air Canada enRoute Inflight Entertainment system, which is used by millions of travellers around the world. 
The voting is currently underway for the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival People's Choice Award at enRoutefilm.com. Voters have the chance to win a trip for two to anywhere in North America Air Canada flies. Voting closes on October 31 and the winner will be announced at the annual VIP awards gala, which takes place in Toronto on November 4. 
As part of the 9th edition of the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival, there will be a free public screening of festival films, preceded by an educational panel for emerging filmmakers, at the Phi Centre (407, Saint-Pierre Street, Montréal), on November 2nd, starting at 6 p.m for the panel and 7:30pm for the screening. This is an amazing opportunity for students and up-and-coming directors to discuss current industry topics and enjoy a great networking experience. A cocktail reception will follow the viewing of the finalist films. 
About Air Canada enRoute In-Flight Entertainment:
Air Canada enRoute In-flight Entertainment offers over 600 hours of on-demand entertainment available free of charge at the touch of a finger. Its gate-to-gate in-flight entertainment programming features up to 150 movies in all genres, including the latest Hollywood and independent titles produced locally and internationally in more than 20 languages, up to 200 TV shows including the most popular TV series, interesting documentaries and our very own ACTV channel, over 100 albums and playlists in all musical genres and entertaining and informative audio books and podcasts. Air Canada enRoute In-Flight Entertainment is programmed by Spafax, one of the world's leading custom publishers and providers of in-flight media, with offices in fifteen cities around the world. Spafax is a part of the specialist communications division of WPP. http://enroute.aircanada.com/
