New 787-9 service is the only non-stop flight between Canada and India
TORONTO, Nov. 1, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - With the departure of AC070, Air Canada today inaugurated new service between Toronto and Delhi. The new route offers the only non-stop flight between Canada and the Indian subcontinent and is the first to be dedicated for Air Canada's Boeing 787-9 series aircraft, the most modern aircraft in its fleet.
"Air Canada is offering customers the convenience of the only non-stop flight between Canada and India and we are doing so using our newest Boeing 787 Dreamliners, which are revolutionizing long-haul air travel in terms of passenger comfort. This new service will appeal to travelers both doing business in Delhi, the capital region of India and the fourth most populous urban area in the world, and to those who are visiting friends and relatives or exploring India. The new service also allows convenient onward connections within India and throughout Southeast Asia on our Star Alliance partner, Air India, and other interline partners," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "This route is an important addition to our ongoing international expansion. India is the largest market that until today was not served by Air Canada so the start of service to Delhi strategically enhances our international network, anchored at our Toronto-Pearson global hub." 
"The Canada-India Business Council is very pleased to see the introduction of a non-stop air service between Toronto and Delhi. It is our expectation that the Canada-India corridor, over the next few years, will become increasingly more important to Canadian businesses wanting to capitalize on the opportunities emerging in India. Air Canada's ability to provide non-stop service will be welcomed warmly by the business community," said Gary Comerford, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Canada-India Business Council.
The service will operate four-times-weekly, going to daily in 2016, using a Boeing 787 Dreamliner featuring Air Canada's award-winning, three-cabin service, including the next generation lie-flat seat in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin, and enhanced seatback In-Flight Entertainment system available at every seat throughout the aircraft. Flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access in Toronto, priority boarding and other benefits.
Since December 2014, Air Canada and Air Canada rouge have also announced new international service to such places as Dubai, Seoul, Brisbane, Lyon, London-Gatwick, Casablanca, Prague, Budapest, Glasgow and Warsaw. As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 63 airports in Canada, 52 in the United States and 86 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
Flight*
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC070
Toronto
Delhi
20:35
20:55 (+ 1 day)
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday
AC071
Delhi
Toronto
00:45
05:00
Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday
