New services offer more non-stop travel options and support international growth                    
MONTREAL, Nov. 19, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today new non-stop services between four key Canadian hubs and 12 U.S. cities beginning next summer. The new transborder routes will introduce new destinations, such as Toronto-Washington-Dulles, Toronto-Salt Lake City and Vancouver-San Jose, while also creating new city-pair routings, such as Vancouver-Chicago, Montreal-Houston, Montreal-Denver and Calgary-San Francisco. To promote the new routes, Air Canada is offering special introductory fares; details are available on www.aircanada.com.
"Air Canada is the foreign carrier operating the most flights to the U.S., carrying the most customers and serving the most destinations. As such, we are pleased to strengthen our market presence, particularly as the U.S. is the top destination for Canadian travelers and Canada is one of the most popular destinations for Americans. For those traveling onward in the U.S. these new routes strengthen Air Canada's connections with major hubs of its partner United Airlines, including Houston, Denver, San Francisco and Washington-Dulles, giving customers more travel options and convenient connections throughout the U.S. and Latin America," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada. 
"These new routes will also support our international expansion by making it easier for international travelers flying to and from the U.S. to connect to Air Canada's global network through its major Canadian hubs. International travelers are increasingly finding that connecting through Canada on Air Canada is the most convenient way to fly to and from the U.S. and between the U.S. to both Europe and Asia. Not only do our hubs offer some of the shortest elapsed travel times, they also provide international travelers seamless connections and Air Canada's Four-Star service, featuring lie-flat seats in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin on select flights, and seatback In-Flight Entertainment throughout all aircraft. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at our hubs, priority boarding and other benefits."
The new routes announced today will be operated by Air Canada mainline, Air Canada rouge and Air Canada Express aircraft. All routes will operate year-round except where indicated by (*).
Route
Frequency
Start Date
Toronto-Salt Lake City, Utah
Daily
May 27, 2016
Toronto-Portland, Oregon
Daily
May 26, 2016*
Toronto-Washington, DC-Dulles¹
Two-times daily
May 2, 2016
Toronto-Jacksonville, Florida¹
Two-times per week
(Saturday, Sunday)
May 21, 2016
Montreal-Denver, Colorado
Daily 
June 4, 2016
Montreal-Houston, Texas¹
Daily
June 6, 2016
Montreal-Philadelphia, Pennsylvania¹
Two-times daily
May 24, 2016
Calgary-Phoenix, Arizona²
Three-times weekly
(Monday, Thursday, Saturday)
Continued from Winter
Calgary-San Francisco, California¹
Daily
June 18, 2016
Vancouver-Chicago, Illinois
Daily
June 4, 2016
Vancouver-San Diego, California²
Daily
June 2, 2016*
Vancouver-San Jose, California¹
Two-times daily
