Further strategic expansion of YVR hub following announcements of new route to Brisbane, Australia, double daily flights to London Heathrow, and three new transborder routes
VANCOUVER, Nov. 25, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced a further, strategic expansion of its Vancouver hub with the addition of the only non-stop flights to Dublin, Ireland next summer. This new seasonal route follows the recent announcement of several enhancements at the airline's Vancouver hub for 2016, including new transborder services to Chicago, San Jose and San Diego, double daily flights to London Heathrow, and the only flights linking Canada to Brisbane, Australia. The Vancouver-Dublin flights will be operated three times weekly by Air Canada's leisure airline, Air Canada rouge, with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft beginning June 10, 2016. To promote the new route, Air Canada is offering a special introductory fare starting as low as $839 round-trip all-in from Vancouver, and $949 round-trip all-in from Calgary or Edmonton, until December 4 for travel June 10-30, 2016. Tickets are now available for purchase.
"Air Canada continues to strategically grow its international network at YVR with the only non-stop flights to Dublin during the peak summer period. This route is a great, convenient option for Western Canadians travelling to visit the vibrant Emerald Isle with its rich literary history, arts, world-class golf and dramatic landscapes. It will also be equally appealing for our customers from Ireland flying non-stop to visit and experience the spectacular attractions Vancouver and British Columbia offer," said Benjamin Smith, Air Canada President, Passenger Airlines.
"This new route is the latest of numerous improvements for customers coming in 2016 including double daily flights to London Heathrow, three new routes to the United States, new non-stop, year-round flights to Brisbane, Australia and increased capacity on our flights from Vancouver to Sydney, Australia with Boeing 777 aircraft featuring our new international product standard offering a choice of Business Class, Premium Economy and Economy cabins. With these initiatives, Air Canada is further strengthening YVR as a strategic and important international gateway, connecting our extensive B.C., Western Canada and growing U.S. network with our expanding South Pacific, Asian and European network."
"Air Canada's strategic growth plans out of YVR continue to offer passengers exciting choices for travel, while creating new jobs, increasing access to global destinations and opening new markets for B.C. goods," said Craig Richmond, President and CEO of Vancouver Airport Authority. "The new Dublin service will help fill the high demand for flights to Europe during the busy summer travel season and will also offer a new opportunity for British Columbia to showcase itself to arriving visitors from Ireland."
Air Canada rouge's new Vancouver-Dublin flights begin June 10, 2016, operating three times weekly with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft featuring premium and economy cabins. Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's extensive west coast network through the airline's Vancouver hub.  All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart 
Arrive
Operating on
AC1940
Vancouver (YVR)
June 10 – Oct. 8
Dublin (DUB)
15:05
08:35
(+1 day)
Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
AC1941
Dublin (DUB)
June 10 – Oct. 8
Vancouver (YVR)
11:35
13:35 
Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 63 airports in Canada, 52 in the United States and 86 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
This year to date, Air Canada has launched new international services from Montreal-Venice, Montreal-Mexico City, Toronto-Amsterdam, Toronto-Dubai, Toronto-Delhi and Vancouver-Osaka.
