MONTREAL, Dec. 15, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - There is no other time during the year when spirits are higher and the desire to give back is more powerful, than during the holidays. This holiday season, the Air Canada Foundation and P.K. Subban, Assistant Captain for the Montreal Canadiens, have teamed up to bring the gift of cheer to children in Canada who will be spending the holidays in the hospital.
Today, The Air Canada Foundation, the P.K. Subban Foundation and their friends at the Montreal Children's Hospital released an official challenge to Canadians on social media to contribute and participate in a virtual sing-a-long of Jingle Bells, using the hashtag #CanadaCarols. Shortly after, Air Canada employees answered the challenge and began sharing their version of Jingle Bells with the country.
"We are thrilled at the opportunity to team up with P.K. Subban to brighten the holiday period for sick children," said Priscille LeBlanc, Air Canada Vice-President, Corporate Communications and Chair of the Air Canada Foundation. "The virtual sing-along is a natural fit for us as it will also raise funds for the Children's Miracle Network and the Montreal Children's Hospital - two long-standing partners of the Air Canada Foundation. P.K's commitment and dedication to helping sick children across Canada should inspire us all to be even more generous during this holiday season."
"Working with the Air Canada Foundation to unite the country, in what we hope to be, the largest Christmas carol event, has been a humbling experience," said P.K. Subban. "Knowing that such a small gesture like singing Jingle Bells can put a smile on a child's face, puts everything in perspective."
Let every sick child across the county hear you, by recording and sharing on social media your version of Jingle Bells using the hashtag #CanadaCarols and join the Air Canada Foundation in helping even more sick children around the country by donating to the Children's Miracle Network's pediatric hospitals across Canada https://giveamiracle.childrensmiraclenetwork.ca/.
A selection of the Jingle Bells submissions will be compiled into a final video and shown to the children in pediatric hospitals in Canada on December 23.
About the Air Canada Foundation
