787 Dreamliner service to offer new international product in three-cabin configuration
VANCOUVER, Dec. 20, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it plans to increase its new non-stop flights from Vancouver to Brisbane, Australia to daily from three times weekly beginning June 17, 2016.
"Customer response to our announcement of the only non-stop flights between Canada and Brisbane has been very positive, and we thank federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau for the revised bilateral agreement which enables us to increase our presence in this important Asia-Pacific market. As a result, Air Canada will boost its new Vancouver-Brisbane service to daily flights," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "This expanded service also underscores Vancouver International Airport's importance and attractiveness. The seamless connections made possible for visitors by its in-transit pre-clearance facilities, combined with our extensive domestic and U.S. network radiating from Vancouver, position Vancouver to be the preferred gateway hub for trans-Pacific travel to and from North America."
Air Canada's state-of-the-art Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner aircraft feature 20 International Business Class lie-flat seat suites, 21 Premium Economy and 210 Economy Class seats featuring upgraded in-flight entertainment at every seat throughout the aircraft.  Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's extensive North American network through the airline's Vancouver hub, while also offering in Brisbane, excellent connectivity across Australia.  All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart 
Arrive
AC35
Vancouver (YVR)
Brisbane (BNE)
23:45
07:15 
(+2 days)
AC36
Brisbane (BNE)
Vancouver (YVR)
10:40
07:15 
As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 63 airports in Canada, 52 in the United States and 86 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
