Air Cargo Diamond Award recognizes best in customer service and timeliness of delivery among world's cargo carriers
MONTREAL, March 31, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada Cargo received the Air Cargo Excellence Diamond Award at the 10th annual World Cargo Symposium recently held in Berlin. The Diamond award is the industry's top award and Air Canada Cargo won it in the "up to 399,999 tonnes" air carrier category. The awards are based on the Air Cargo Excellence Survey presented annually by Air Cargo World Magazine to the airlines and airports achieving the highest scores in the survey based on several performance factors including customer service, value and performance.
"The Air Cargo Excellence Awards celebrate the best in the air cargo industry and I am thrilled to share this prestigious recognition with the entire Air Canada Cargo team," said Lise-Marie Turpin, Air Canada Vice President, Cargo. "With a focus on innovation and customer service, we develop applications and utilize technology to consistently improve operational and business processes to deliver quality service. We are active in many industry initiatives and are proud to assume a position of leadership in moving the air cargo industry forward."
Air Canada Cargo provides direct cargo services to over 150 Canadian, U.S. transborder and international destinations and has sales representation in over 50 countries. With hubs in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, London and Frankfurt, the Air Canada Cargo network is extended through interline agreements with other air carriers and through ground trucking services offered in selected markets, serving more than 450 destinations in all. 
Air Canada Cargo is Canada's largest provider of air cargo services as measured by cargo capacity. Main customers are large freight forwarding companies and businesses whose products require the use of air services to expedite their time sensitive cargo shipments. Shipping solutions are tailored to best meet specific commodities and time requirements of our customers cost-efficiently.
About the Air Cargo Excellence Awards
