Submissions now open until May 31
TORONTO, April 6, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced submissions are open for the 10th annual Air Canada enRoute Film Festival. Emerging Canadian filmmakers are invited to showcase their artistic talent, out-of-the-box thinking and compelling vision in this year's festival that includes a star-studded jury, a cash prize and a chance to travel to the Berlin International Film Festival to have their film screened at the European Film Market. 
"Air Canada is excited to be launching the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival's 10th year. The festival has received more than 1,600 submissions in the past decade," said Éric Lauzon, Manager, Multimedia Entertainment, Air Canada. "We look forward to seeing this year's engaging and creative submissions; with the selected entries joining the more than 100 Canadian short films showcased by the festival on Air Canada planes over the past 10 years."
The winner of Best Short Film will receive a $5,000 cash prize courtesy of presenting sponsor Cineplex Entertainment. Other awards include Achievement in Direction, Achievement in Cinematography, Achievement in Animation, Achievement in Documentary and People's Choice Award. Achievement Award supporters include, the Directors Guild of Canada, William F. White International Inc., the National Film Board of Canada and the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival. 
All Achievement Award winners will receive an all-inclusive trip to the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival, courtesy of Air Canada. Winners will have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to showcase their short films in Telefilm Canada's Not Short on Talent program, which will screen at the European Film Market.
A handpicked jury from the Canadian film industry, consisting of highly prominent celebrities, producers and directors, will select the winning films. Previous jury members include Don McKellar, Catherine O'Hara, Denis Villeneuve, Jean-Marc Vallée, Guy Maddin, Laura Vandervoort, Alison Pill, Sarah Gadon, Suzanne Clément, Tatiana Maslany, Atom Egoyan and Donald Sutherland, among many others. An all-star jury for this year's festival, composed of returning members from the past decade, will be announced in July. 
Winning films will be broadcast on the Air Canada enRoute Inflight Entertainment system, viewed by millions of Air Canada customers around the world each month. Roster events to honour participants will take place throughout the country, starting with a networking reception in Calgary on April 16 presented by the TELUS Optik Local Fund and STORYHIVE. Later events will be announced for other Canadian cities. 
The Air Canada enRoute Film Festival supporters include Cineplex Entertainment, TELUS Optik Local / STORYHIVE, ETALK, Spafax, Entertainment One, Telefilm Canada, Directors Guild of Canada, William F. White International Inc., National Film Board of Canada and Hot Docs.
Do you think you have what it takes? View full festival rules and regulations and submit your film at www.enroutefilm.com. Submissions will be accepted until May 31, 2016.
Twitter:          
@enRoutemag and @AirCanada
Facebook:    
Air Canada enRoute Film Festival, enRoute magazine and Air Canada
Instagram:    
enroutemag and aircanada
Pinterest:       
enRoute Magazine and aircanada
Hashtag:        
#enRoutefilm16
