MONTREAL, June 6, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada customers are highly satisfied with the airline's ability to deliver service in their choice of English or French overall according to a survey of more than 5,300 of its customers conducted earlier this year by Ipsos Reid.
Ninety-four per cent of Air Canada customers said they were satisfied or extremely satisfied overall with Air Canada's ability to deliver service in their official language of choice, an improvement of three percentage points from the previous year. In addition, the majority of both francophones and anglophones said they believed Air Canada has improved its bilingual service delivery in the past year, with close to fully a quarter of them recognizing that bilingual service improved significantly. Air Canada is the only Canadian airline subject to the federal Official Languages Act.
"Air Canada is Canada's largest private sector corporation offering bilingual services across Canada and globally," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Air Canada's Vice President, Human Resources and Co-Champion of Official Languages. "As a company that promotes diversity and is a proud standard-bearer of our Canadian heritage, we value our role in promoting bilingualism in Canada. We are proud of our commitment to serve customers in the official language of their choice and are encouraged that the majority of our customers are telling us that we are continuously improving our bilingual service offering. Both this and the steadily decreasing proportion of complaints are the best tangible evidence that our significant efforts and investments are yielding very positive results. We will continue to do so with the interest of our customers in mind and with our total commitment and conviction that bilingualism is right for airline passengers in Canada."
When benchmarked against other Canadian airlines, Air Canada provides a significantly and consistently higher level of bilingualism in terms of quality and availability, according to a 2015 study conducted by KPMG.  When compared against similar flights covering similar routes and destinations, Air Canada was ranked "High level of bilingualism" measured through standard and spontaneous messages, both in flight and at the gate, compared to other Canadian carriers, which were rated "Average level of bilingualism" using the same criteria.
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 200 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2015 served more than 41 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 55 in the United States and 87 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,330 airports in 192 countries. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax. For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook.
Background Information on Air Canada's linguistic initiatives:
When recruiting new employees who will interact with the public, Air Canada focuses on hiring bilingual candidates. Through considerable efforts in this regard, we have succeeded in recruiting more than 9,500 flight attendants and airport agents over the past 15 years, close to 60 per cent of whom are bilingual. Our regional airline partners have also prioritized the recruitment of bilingual candidates and since 2000 Jazz Aviation has tripled its proportion of bilingual flight attendants to approximately 76 per cent. This is despite the challenge of hiring qualified personnel outside of Quebec, the National Capital Region and Moncton. Outside of these three regions, the challenge is the lack of bilingual candidates to fill vacated positions – despite the fact that we contact Francophone organizations and advertise jobs in newspapers with a Francophone minority readership.
