VANCOUVER, BC and DUBLIN, June 10, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada's inaugural flight AC1940, from Vancouver departed Friday afternoon, marking the only non-stop service linking Vancouver and Ireland. Air Canada Rouge brings their hallmark customer service excellence to these seasonal flights between Vancouver and the Irish capital city, which operate three times weekly until October 8 with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. 
"We are pleased to add the only non-stop flights from Canada's West Coast to Ireland. This route offers convenience to Western Canadians travelling to visit and explore the Emerald Isle's rich landscapes, world-class golf and historic sites, as well as to Irish customers visiting the spectacular attractions Vancouver and British Columbia offer," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "We continue to strategically expand our Vancouver hub, and our seasonal Dublin flights follow our recent launch of non-stop flights from Vancouver to Brisbane, San Diego, Chicago, San Jose, and the doubling of our daily flights to London Heathrow."
"YVR's customers now have non-stop service to the Emerald Isle thanks to Air Canada Rouge," said Craig Richmond, President &amp; CEO, Vancouver Airport Authority. "This new service will connect Vancouver to a country known for its natural beauty, amazing history and rich culture. It will also open new opportunities for European businesses and travellers, connecting them to our world-class city and airport."
Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's extensive BC regional network through the airline's Vancouver hub.  All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart 
Arrive
Operating on
AC1940
Vancouver (YVR) 
June 10 – Oct. 8
Dublin (DUB)
15:05
08:35
(+1 day)
Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
AC1941
Dublin (DUB)
June 10 – Oct. 8
Vancouver (YVR)
11:35
13:35 
Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 55 in the United States and 87 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
