MONTREAL, June 14, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - The arrival of flight AC1938 from Toronto-Pearson at Glasgow Airport this morning further extends Air Canada Rouge's presence in Europe. The non-stop seasonal service, operating three-times a week, offers customers the only non-stop service by a network carrier between Toronto and Glasgow and complements Air Canada Rouge's non-stop service to Edinburgh.
"We are pleased to add Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland and its cultural capital, to our growing international network. The new route is our second to Scotland and, taken together with our four-times weekly Edinburgh service, means Air Canada now flies daily to Scotland from Toronto. This provides customers the most options and best coverage of any airline in the Canada-Scotland market, with Air Canada operating the most seats and flying to the most destinations," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada.
Flights will be operated with an Air Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300ER, featuring Premium Rouge and Economy cabins.  Flights will depart Toronto on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday and return Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday from Glasgow, with the service operating until September 25, 2016. Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's Toronto-Pearson global hub.  All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
The new Toronto-Glasgow service is part of Air Canada's ongoing international expansion. For this summer, Air Canada has also started new international services between Toronto-Budapest, Toronto-London-Gatwick, Toronto-Prague, Montreal-Casablanca, Vancouver-Brisbane and Vancouver-Dublin, and will soon launch other services between Toronto-Warsaw, Toronto-Seoul, and Montreal-Lyon. Last year, Air Canada launched new international services between Toronto-Delhi, Toronto-Amsterdam, Toronto-Dubai, Montreal-Venice, Montreal-Mexico City and Vancouver-Osaka.
