New route expands Air Canada Rouge's presence in Central Europe 
MONTREAL, June 15, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - The arrival of flight AC1926 from Toronto-Pearson at Warsaw Chopin Airport this morning further expands Air Canada Rouge's presence in Central Europe. The non-stop seasonal service, operating four-times a week, makes Air Canada the only Canadian airline offering non-stop service between Canada and Poland.
"We are pleased to add Warsaw, the Polish capital and a European cultural hub, to our growing international network. This service is the only route between Canada and Poland operated by a Canadian carrier and it is our third new destination in Central Europe this summer, after Prague and Budapest. Apart from Warsaw being a major tourist market for North Americans, there are also many people of Polish heritage in North America and this new service will make it convenient for family, friends and relatives to visit one another by connecting through our Toronto-Pearson global hub on our extensive network," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada.
Flights will be operated with an Air Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300ER, featuring Premium Rouge and Economy cabins.  Flights will depart Toronto on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday and return Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday from Warsaw, with the service operating until September 30, 2016. Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's Toronto-Pearson global hub.  All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
The new Toronto-Warsaw service is part of Air Canada's ongoing international expansion. For this summer, Air Canada has also started new international services between Toronto-Glasgow, Toronto-Budapest, Toronto-London-Gatwick, Toronto-Prague, Montreal-Casablanca, Vancouver-Brisbane and Vancouver-Dublin, and will soon launch other services between Toronto-Seoul and Montreal-Lyon. Last year, Air Canada launched new international services between Toronto-Delhi, Toronto-Amsterdam, Toronto-Dubai, Montreal-Venice, Montreal-Mexico City and Vancouver-Osaka.
