NEW YORK, July 29, 2016 /CNW/ -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM), operator of financial markets for 10,000 U.S. and global securities, today announced Air Canada (TSX: AC; OTCQX: ACDVF), Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 200 airports on six continents, has qualified to trade on the OTCQX® Best Market.  Air Canada upgraded to OTCQX from the Pink® market. 
Air Canada begins trading today on OTCQX under the symbol "ACDVF."  U.S. investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com.
"As one of the largest airlines in the world, Air Canada served more than 41 million customers last year," said Jason Paltrowitz, Executive Vice President of Corporate Services at OTC Markets Group.  "Interested U.S. investors now have convenient access to the company's news and financial disclosure and real-time full depth of market.  We look forward to supporting Air Canada in its efforts for growth and future success."
Vedder Price P.C. serves as Air Canada's OTCQX Advisor, responsible for providing professional guidance on OTCQX requirements.
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 200 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2015 served more than 41 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 55 in the United States and 87 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,330 airports in 192 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax.  
About OTC Markets Group Inc.OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM) operates the OTCQX® Best Market, the OTCQB® Venture Market, and the Pink® Open Market for 10,000 U.S. and global securities.  Through OTC Link® ATS, we connect a diverse network of broker-dealers that provide liquidity and execution services.  We enable investors to easily trade through the broker of their choice and empower companies to improve the quality of information available for investors.
To learn more about how we create better informed and more efficient markets, visit www.otcmarkets.com
OTC Link ATS is operated by OTC Link LLC, member FINRA/SIPC and SEC regulated ATS.
Subscribe to the OTC Markets RSS Feed
