New route to India's largest city is Air Canada's third route to India 
MONTREAL, Sept. 28, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it is launching a new, three-times weekly service between Toronto and Mumbai, the largest city and financial capital of India. The non-stop, year-round service will be operated starting July 1, 2017 using a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner.
 "Air Canada is pleased to offer customers this new, non-stop route between Toronto and Mumbai. This is Air Canada's third route to India after Toronto-Delhi service that began last fall and our new seasonal Vancouver-Delhi service commencing next month. This will be the only non-stop service between Canada and Mumbai and with it Air Canada now offers the best coverage of any carrier operating in the Canada-India market," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
"The Canada-India Business Council welcomes Air Canada's announcement today. The Canada-India corridor offers tremendous economic opportunities and our organization is working to promote trade and commerce between our two countries. Air linkages are essential to this, so having a non-stop flight between Canada's and India's financial and business centers should serve as a further catalyst to this rapidly developing trade relationship," said Gary Comerford, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Canada-India Business Council.
With the announcement of the new Toronto-Mumbai route, Air Canada now offers three Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes between Canada and India, including year-round daily Toronto-Delhi service and seasonal Vancouver-Delhi service launching Oct. 20, 2016. Toronto-Mumbai will operate year-round with Air Canada's state-of-the-art Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft features 30 International Business Class lie-flat seat suites, 21 Premium Economy and 247 Economy Class seats, with upgraded in-flight entertainment at every seat throughout the aircraft.
Flights will be available for sale immediately with special introductory pricing and are timed to optimize connectivity at Air Canada's global hub at Toronto Pearson.  All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC046
Toronto
Mumbai
21:35
21:30 + 1 day
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC047
Mumbai
Toronto
23:55
