Montreal-Casablanca service returns in April 2017 with year-round flights 
MONTREAL, Sept. 28, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced the addition of two new seasonal destinations to its international network from Montreal. The new services, Montreal-Algiers and Montreal-Marseille will launch in June 2017, with the Montreal-Algiers route subject to government approvals.
"Air Canada is excited to introduce non-stop service from Montreal to two new enticing destinations, Marseille and Algiers. In addition to our recently announced Montreal-Shanghai service, these new destinations further expand our global reach from Montreal, reinforcing Montreal-Trudeau as a strategic hub for all of Eastern Canada and the North Eastern U.S.," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Building on Air Canada's success in Casablanca with flights returning on a year-round basis in April 2017, the service to Algiers will be the only non-stop flight by a Canadian carrier between Montreal and the North African city, establishing Air Canada as an important player in the large and growing market between Canada and Algeria. It will be our second destination in Africa, which makes Air Canada one of only a small number of global carriers flying to all six inhabited continents. The Marseille service will be the only non-stop flight operated by a network carrier between Marseille and North America further expanding Air Canada's reach in France by complementing existing services to Paris, Lyon and Nice, and strengthening our presence in Provence-Côte d'Azur, a popular summer destination for Quebecers."
"I am delighted by these new routes to Marseille and Algiers. Access to an even greater number of directs flights is a tangible benefit for Montreal and for our businesses—it saves time and money for travelers and provides easy access to new markets. They are also an asset in terms of attracting international businesses and creating new jobs here. Once again, we can confirm Montreal's status as a major urban center and international hub," stated Denis Coderre, Mayor of Montreal.
"The addition of these two French-speaking cities to our list of direct destinations confirms Montréal-Trudeau airport's status as a hub between North America and the Francophonie. Our thanks to Air Canada," said James Cherry, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aéroports de Montréal.
Both new seasonal routes will be operated by Air Canada Rouge with a 282-seat Boeing 767-300ER aircraft, featuring a choice of three customer comfort options: Economy; Preferred seating offering additional legroom; and Premium Rouge with additional personal space and enhanced service. Seats on the Montreal-Marseille route are now available for purchase, and tickets on the Montreal-Algiers route will be available in the near future.  
Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's Montreal hub. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Route
Dates
Frequency
Montreal-Marseille
June 9 to October 13, 2017
Three times weekly
Montreal-Algiers
June 26 to October 27, 2017*
Four times weekly
*Subject to government approvals.
