MONTREAL, Dec. 1, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Today marks the reopening of Air Canada's international Maple Leaf Lounge at Montreal-Trudeau airport following a year-long complete makeover. Located between gates 52 and 53, the new lounge measures 1,022 square meters and has seating capacity for 259 customers. With floor to ceiling windows offering spectacular tarmac views, it reflects a contemporary and elegant design. Eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers will discover a new exclusive lounge experience with a calm and comfortable environment of understated luxury in which to relax or work prior to their flight.
"We are thrilled to welcome eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers to our completely redesigned international Maple Leaf Lounge at Montreal-Trudeau airport. Our newest international lounge incorporates many elements sought after by today's business and premium travelers including a quiet, stress-free place to work or relax while travelling, and our new lounge is designed with this in mind," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Surrounded by Canadian and Quebec design artistry and craftsmanship, as well as elements highlighting the majestic natural beauty of Canada, customers will enjoy an inspiring environment before their Air Canada flight." 
The new lounge offers customers a full service bar and complimentary alcoholic beverages including a selection of Canadian wines, a live food station with a chef, barista-style specialty coffees, complimentary Wifi, a cyber work counter and facilities, living rooms, lounge chairs, showers with heated floors and an exclusive private area for special guests. It also features multiple zones inspired by nature including a garden ceiling that creates the illusion of a forest canopy with ceramic pieces by Quebec artisan Pascale Girardin that imitate the sound of rustling leaves, travel inspired photography by Montreal based Nicolas Ruel, special maple wood and Ontario Eramosa marble. Custom furnishings are by local Canadian designers Nienkämper, Mobilier Moderne, and Brent Comber.
As a leading global carrier, Air Canada is pleased to offer premium passengers access to 22 Maple Leaf Lounges around the world. In addition to the new Montreal international Maple Leaf Lounge, Air Canada is investing in the customer airport experience throughout its network with the recently opened Newark Maple Leaf Lounge, an expanded Vancouver international Maple Leaf Lounge opening in summer 2017, a new Saskatoon domestic Maple Leaf Lounge opening in fall 2017, and refurbishments planned for its domestic Maple Leaf Lounges at Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver in 2017. 
Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge and its regional airline partners flying under the Air Canada Express banner operate on average approximately 2,100 flights per week between Montreal and 80 destinations: 23 in Canada including nine in Québec, 18 in the United States, 26 in the Caribbean, Central America and Mexico, 12 in Europe, and starting in 2017 one in China and two in North Africa. 
Attention Photo Editors: A selection of high resolution photos of Air Canada's international Maple Leaf Lounge at Montreal-Trudeau is available for downloading at: https://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/facts/photos_lounge.html 
About Air Canada 
