MONTREAL, May 12, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today that the Air Canada Foundation board has approved a $50,000 donation to the Canadian Red Cross in support of relief efforts for those directly impacted by the unprecedented floods of 2017: $25,000 earmarked for the Spring Flood Quebec Appeal and an additional $ 25,000 for the General Spring Flood Appeal.  Funds will enable the Canadian Red Cross to provide relief for those affected in the form of emergency food, clothing, shelter, personal services and other necessities to help assist with recovery.
"Air Canada and the Air Canada Foundation have a long-standing tradition of being at the forefront of humanitarian efforts," said Calin Rovinescu, President and CEO of Air Canada. "Whenever disaster strikes around the world, especially in communities where our employees live and work, the Air Canada family will always rally to lend support. I am proud to see how our employees come together in support of communities in need."
Earlier in the week, Air Canada transported 56,000 empty sandbags in 14 pallets weighing a total of 3,800 kgs. These sandbags originated in Moose Jaw and upon arrival in Montreal were quickly trucked to Ile Bizard, one of the communities around Montreal significantly affected by floods. Employees and the community are encouraged to donate to the Spring flood appeal of their choice on the Canadian Red Cross web site: www.redcross.ca/AirCanadaFoundation/qcfloods www.redcross.ca/AirCanadaFoundation
Over the years, Air Canada has partnered with NGOs in support of relief efforts following the Alberta Wildfires, Syrian Relief Efforts, Nepal Earthquake, Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines; Lac Mégantic in Quebec, Haiti Earthquake, Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans and the 2005 Southeast Asia Tsunami, to name a few. 
About the Air Canada Foundation
The Air Canada Foundation, a not-for-profit organization focused on the health and well-being of children and youth, was launched in 2012. It offers both financial and in-kind support, through travel assistance, to Canadian registered charities.  Core programs include the Hospital Transportation Program which donates Aeroplan Miles to pediatric hospitals across Canada enabling children to access medical care unavailable locally and the Volunteer Involvement Program which recognizes the involvement of employees in their local community by providing airline tickets to the registered charities in support of their fundraising initiatives.  The Foundation in collaboration with the airline also engages directly in fundraising activities such as the Every Bit Counts program which encourages customers to donate loose change of all denominations onboard flights or through airport collection containers. The Foundation also offers continued support to major health-related causes that benefit Canadians and is an active participant in international humanitarian relief activity as the need arises.  For more information about the Air Canada Foundation, please visit www.aircanada.com/foundation or the 2015 Corporate Sustainability Report, Citizens of the World, online at www.aircanada.com/csr.
About Air Canada 
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 200 airports on six continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2016 served close to 45 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 63 airports in Canada, 57 in the United States and 93 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,300 airports in 190 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook.
