Go to aircanada.com and follow @AirCanada on Twitter for latest travel updates
Highlights
MONTREAL, June 13, 2017 Summer is upon us with several peak travel times in the coming months, Air Canada is offering tips to ensure a smooth travel experience. For the latest operational updates, customers are invited to visit aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter, join Air Canada on Facebook, and sign up for flight notification alerts.
Flight status and travel updates onlineOperational news is available in the Daily Travel Outlook under the Fly section at the top of the home page at aircanada.com. This section also contains information on what to expect and do in case of flight disruptions. Before leaving for the airport customers should check the status of their flights on aircanada.com, or on an internet-enabled mobile device at mobile.aircanada.com, or by calling the toll free Air Canada flight status line at 1-888-422-7533; TTY (Hearing Impaired): 1-800-361-8071.
Flight notificationAir Canada encourages customers to provide contact information including their email address and phone number so that they can receive flight delay and cancellation information directly on their mobile devices or via e-mail. To register or for more information, simply visit: aircanada.com/flightnotification.
Web and mobile check-in Air Canada customers can save time by checking-in, selecting/changing their seat, selecting the number of checked baggage and paying any baggage fees within 24 hours of departure time either at aircanada.com or on their mobile devices through mobile.aircanada.com. Customers should also provide their contact information at time of check-in (mobile‎/kiosk/web) to ensure they can easily be reached in case of travel disruptions.
Self-service rebooking toolIn the event of flight disruptions that may be caused by bad weather, customers are invited to rebook themselves using Air Canada's self-service rebooking tool available at aircanada.com or on their mobile device. 
Recommended check-in times During peak travel days, Air Canada recommends that customers arrive early at the airport to avoid problems associated with congestion. Information on check-in times is available at: aircanada.com/deadlines.
Valuables, Medications, Car KeysCustomers are reminded to ensure that all their valuables, including electronics, documentation, medication, car keys, money, jewelry, cameras, etc., are with them or in their carry-on bags and NOT in their checked bags. To facilitate security inspection, customers carrying gifts on board the aircraft should keep them unwrapped. Information on checked baggage allowance is available at: aircanada.com/checked.
Carry-on baggageThe carry-on baggage allowance is one standard article 23cm x 40cm x 55cm and one personal article 16cm x 33cm x 43cm. Carry-on baggage must be light enough for passengers to lift and stow in the overhead bin unassisted. More information is available at: aircanada.com/carryon. Airport agents will be screening and tagging carry-on baggage and passengers who exceed their allowance will be required to check their carry-on baggage, and additional checked baggage fees may apply.
Government regulations stipulate customers can only transport in their carry-on baggage a limited amount of liquid, gel and aerosol items: 100ml/100g (3.4 oz) per article or smaller. Larger containers must be placed in checked baggage. 
For more information on security measures, please consult the applicable official web sites: 
Small lithium battery-powered vehicles not accepted as checked or carry-on baggageSmall lithium-battery powered vehicles (hoverboards, electric skateboards, airwheels, mini-segways and balance wheels) should be shipped via Air Canada Cargo. Information is available at aircanada.com/cargo.
Personal electronic devices powered by lithium batteries (laptops, ipads, iphones, etc) and spare batteries must be in carry-on baggage. Galaxy Note 7 phones are not permitted on board.
StrollersAir Canada recommends the use of small, umbrella type strollers as facilities are not designed to accommodate larger, heavy strollers. Collapsible strollers may be checked at the gate and will be delivered to you at the aircraft door at destination. Details of the stroller policy are available at: aircanada.com/infant-child.
Sporting equipment Air Canada recommends that customers pre-register their sporting equipment by contacting Air Canada Reservations, Air Canada Vacations or their travel agent up to 24 hours prior to departure. Some sporting equipment is entitled to a waiver of oversize and/or additional piece charges. Details are available at: aircanada.com/excessbaggage.
External and internal name tagsAs external baggage name tags sometimes become detached, Air Canada recommends that passengers also place identification INSIDE their bag. 
Duty-free purchasesDuty-free items purchased before or during a flight are subject to Government allowances for liquids and gels, and will not be allowed past security check points for connecting flights unless they are sealed in Security Tamper Evident Bags (STEBs). For more information, please refer to the Canadian Air Transport Security Agency (CATSA) web-site: catsa.gc.ca/duty-free-purchases.
Travelling with childrenParents should NOT sign their child's Canadian passport as it will make it invalid. https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/plan/travel-requirements/travel-documents.html
Parents travelling with children should ensure they have appropriate documents including a birth certificate showing the name of both parents or legal documents pertaining to custody. Children travelling outside of Canada alone or with one parent may require legal documentation proving the other parent or guardian's consent that the child may leave the country. Consult the Embassy or Consulate of the countries the child will be visiting and the Department of Global Affairs at 1-800-267-8376 to determine if such documentation is necessary.
Electronic Travel Authorization for Flights to CanadaReminder to visiting friends and family from outside Canada that the Government of Canada has introduced a new entry requirement, known as an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) that must be obtained prior to travel. More information is available at:  www.aircanada.com/eta
International travel requirementsAll international travel requires a valid passport and in some cases other documentation, such as visas, in order to enter the country of destination and/or for transiting connection countries including ESTA to enter the U.S., ETA for Australia, and EVUS for some Chinese passport holders arriving in the U.S. The IATA Travel Centre search tool offers details regarding country-specific passport, visa and health entry requirements.
