MONTREAL, June 22, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - The departure of flight AC082 from Montreal-Trudeau airport tonight will mark the successful launch of Air Canada's non-stop Montreal service to Tel Aviv. This new seasonal service will operate twice weekly from June 22 to October 16, 2017.
"Air Canada is the leader in the Canada-Israel market, which we have served for 22 years. Today we are pleased to launch a new seasonal non-stop service between Montreal and Tel Aviv, which will also offer convenient connections throughout Canada and the U.S. and complement our existing daily year-round flights from Toronto," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "This new service also reflects Air Canada's ongoing international expansion strategy, from which Montreal is deriving significant benefits. Since the beginning of the year Air Canada has launched new services from Montreal to Shanghai, Marseilles, Reykjavík, Dallas and Washington Dulles with Algiers scheduled on July 1." 
"On behalf of all Montrealers, I am proud to take part in this ceremony marking the inaugural flight linking Montreal to Tel Aviv. This new direct service is the result of dynamic collaborative efforts, as demonstrated by the important trade mission to Israel. This new service is a concrete example of the thriving links that unite our cities and our countries," said Denis Coderre, Mayor of Montreal
Added Ron Huldai, Mayor of Tel Aviv, "Tel Aviv is a rare city that enjoys two major assets that usually do not exist in the same destination. First, it is a great beach city. With 14 kilometers of beach and 300 days of sun, National Geographic named it "One of the Top Ten Beach Cities in the World". Secondly, it is an extremely vibrant urban center. The New York Times calls us "The Capital of Mediterranean Cool" thanks to 1748 bars and pubs; amazing art; high culture and street culture; and one of the best culinary scenes in the world. We are eager to see many tourists from Quebec enjoying Tel Aviv."
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Day of Week
AC082
Montreal 18:00
Tel Aviv 11:35 + 1 day
Thursday, Sunday
AC083
Tel Aviv 12:55
Montreal 17:35
Monday, Friday
