New Dreamliner service is Air Canada's third route to India
MONTREAL, June 30, 2017 /CNW/ - Air Canada inaugurates new, non-stop Toronto-Mumbai service tomorrow, the only non-stop flight from Canada to India's largest city. The four-times weekly service will be operated with Air Canada's most modern aircraft, the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner.
"Air Canada is always excited to launch a new route and this is particularly gratifying given Mumbai is India's largest city and regarded as its financial, commercial and entertainment capital. This flight is the third route we have started to India in less than two years, demonstrating our commitment to this vibrant market as well to our continuing international expansion strategy. This is the only non-stop service between Canada and Mumbai and positions Air Canada as offering the best coverage of any carrier operating between Canada and India," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
"We commend Air Canada on this path-breaking initiative. In a globalized world, connectivity matters and non-stop flights facilitate closer business ties and people-to-people contact. The promise of the Canada-India economic relationship is materially advanced with this non-stop flight connecting two global cities - Toronto and Mumbai. We will play our part in promoting this terrific linkage," said Kasi Rao, President &amp; CEO of the Canada-India Business Council.
With the new Toronto-Mumbai route, Air Canada now offers three Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes between Canada and India, including year-round daily Toronto-Delhi service and seasonal Vancouver-Delhi service, which resumes in October and will be expanded to up to five times weekly this winter from three-times weekly last winter.
Toronto-Mumbai will operate year-round with Air Canada's state-of-the-art Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft features 30 International Business Class lie-flat suites, 21 Premium Economy and 247 Economy Class seats, with upgraded in-flight entertainment at every seat throughout the aircraft. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC046
Toronto
Mumbai
21:35
21:30 + 1 day
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC047
Mumbai
Toronto
23:30
05:10 + 1 day
Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday
