First routes for Air Canada's new Boeing 737-Max include Shannon, Dublin
MONTREAL, Sept. 13, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced expanded seasonal services to Ireland with new non-stop flights from Toronto to Shannon and between Montreal and Dublin. The flights will be operated using Air Canada's newest single-aisle aircraft, the Boeing 737 Max 8 featuring a Business and Economy cabin configuration.
"With the right aircraft for the right market, Air Canada appears to have the luck of the Irish and we want to share it with our customers. Beginning summer 2018, we will capitalize on the growing traffic between Canada and Ireland and launch two new routes to Ireland, Toronto to Shannon and Montreal to Dublin," said Benjamin Smith, President Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
"Along with these new services, Air Canada is also enhancing its non-stop Toronto-Dublin service by increasing weekly frequencies to four from three, including daily service next summer, and transitioning it to Air Canada mainline from Air Canada Rouge. It will offer customers amenities such as fully lie flat suites in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin and seatback in-flight entertainment throughout the Airbus A330 aircraft that will fly this route. As well, we are also resuming our seasonal Vancouver-Dublin non-stop service next summer on an expanded basis, with up to five flights weekly between the two cities. Taken together, Air Canada will offer the best market coverage of any carrier between Canada and Ireland, with service between three hubs in Canada and two destinations in Ireland," said Mr. Smith 
"Today's announcement is crucial in continuing and growing our political and economic partnership with Ireland. These new routes and the expansion of existing routes will help our Canadian businesses take advantage of the opportunity that CETA will bring on the 21st of September. Expanding Air Canada's networks abroad will foster the relationships needed for trade between Canada and Ireland, as well as the creation of good middle class jobs. We commend Air Canada for their leadership on the matter," said François-Philippe Champagne, Canada's Federal Minister of International Trade.
Jim Kelly, Ireland's Ambassador to Canada, said: "I warmly welcome today's announcement by Air Canada of new routes to Ireland and expansion of capacity on existing routes. Air connectivity is the lifeblood of tourism and trade between our two countries. This major expansion will further boost the strong growth in business and leisure tourism between Ireland and Canada."
Dana Welch, Tourism Ireland's Manager Canada, said: "We are excited about the new routes and expansion of existing Air Canada service. The increase provides a major boost for both leisure and business tourism from Canada to the island of Ireland. Tourism Ireland looks forward to working closely with Air Canada and the Shannon and Dublin airports to drive demand for the new flights. As an island destination, the importance of convenient, direct, non-stop flights cannot be overstated – they are absolutely critical to achieving growth in inbound tourism."
The new services announced today will be on sale from 19th September and commence operation in June 2018.‎
The new services announced today include:
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Days of Week
AC820
Toronto 22:00
Shannon 9:30 + 1 day
Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday
AC821
Shannon 10:30
Toronto 12:45
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday
AC818
Montreal 21:15
Dublin 8:25 + 1 day
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC819
