MONTREAL, Sept. 28, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced new non-stop services to two new destinations next summer from Montreal, expanding its global network to Bucharest, Romania and Lisbon, Portugal. 
Tickets are now available for purchase at aircanada.com or through travel agents with special introductory fares starting as low as $899 round-trip, all in, for Bucharest; $799 round-trip, all in, for Lisbon; and $622 round-trip, all in, for Lima. 
In addition, beginning June 2018, the airline will enhance its year-round service between Montreal and Casablanca by transferring the route to Air Canada mainline from Air Canada Rouge and operating an Airbus A330 aircraft offering three classes of service. It will also extend its new Montreal-Lima Air Canada Rouge service beginning December 2017 to year-round flights.
"Today's announcement further solidifies Air Canada's position as a leading global carrier. With these new services from Montreal, Air Canada becomes the only North American airline flying to Romania, the largest European market without trans-Atlantic flights, strengthening even further Air Canada's presence in Southeastern Europe," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.  "Building on Air Canada's current success in the Portuguese market, the new Montreal-Lisbon route solidifies the airline's presence in the summer leisure market from Montréal. In addition, enhancements to our year-round services to Casablanca and Lima demonstrate Air Canada's on-going commitment to grow Montreal as an important hub in our global network. Together, these new and enhanced services will provide customers greater comfort and choice, as well as the ability to conveniently connect onward through our extensive North American and International network."
"The addition and expansion of direct flights announced by Air Canada are a clear response to travellers' needs, and highlights once again Montreal's position as an air travel hub and leading international city. By taking these initiatives, Air Canada is not only promoting Montreal around the world, but also boosting the city's economy. These new flights will not only strengthen our partnerships and exchanges with the countries served, but also increase Montreal's potential for economic growth as an international crossroads. I want to congratulate Air Canada on launching 20 new direct international flights from our city in less than two years. We could not be more proud," said Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre. 
"By adding Lisbon and Bucharest to its Montreal network, and offering year-round service to Lima, Air Canada is further confirming its intention to use Montréal-Trudeau as a strategic hub, as well as enhancing destination options from Montreal," said Philippe Rainville, President and CEO of Aéroports de Montréal. "The accelerated development of our air services underscores our position as an international traffic hub, with a wide-range of vacation and business destinations that meet our passengers' desire to explore, as well as direct links with internationally recognized hubs."
Montreal-Bucharest
The twice weekly Air Canada Rouge seasonal Bucharest service begins June 7, 2018 from Montréal, with the last operation from Bucharest on October 5. It will be complemented by a twice weekly Toronto-Bucharest flight operating from June 9 to October 7. The Air Canada Rouge flights will be operated with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft featuring Premium Rouge and Economy class Service. Flights are timed to optimize connectivity from across Air Canada's network through Air Canada's Montreal hub and offer the opportunity for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption.
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Start/End 2018
Days of Week
AC1928
Montreal 17:20
Bucharest 9:15 +1day
June 7/Oct. 4
Mon., Thurs.
AC1929
Bucharest 11:30
Montreal 14:05
June 8/Oct. 5
Tues., Fri.
*Bucharest flights sold subject to government approval.
Montreal-Lisbon
The three-times weekly Air Canada Rouge seasonal Lisbon service begins June 15, 2018 from Montréal, with the last operation from Lisbon on October 27. Flights will be operated with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft featuring Premium Rouge and Economy Class service and are timed to optimize connectivity from across Air Canada's network through Air Canada's hub in Montreal as well as opportunity for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption.
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Start/End 2018
Days of Week
AC1960
Montreal 20:45
Lisbon 8:10 +1 day
June 15/Oct. 26
Wed., Fri., Sun.
AC1961
Lisbon 9:45
Montreal 12:10
June 16/Oct. 27
Mon., Thurs., Sat.
Air Canada has already announced five new international services for 2018 from Montreal. These include Montreal-Tokyo-Narita, Montreal-Dublin. Montreal-Lisbon, Montreal-Bucharest and Montreal-Phoenix. As well, a new Vancouver-Melbourne service beginning in December, 2017, originally planned as seasonal, will operate year-round effective June, 2018.
