MONTREAL, Nov. 29, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it will launch new daily non-stop, year-round services on May 1, 2018 from Edmonton to San Francisco. Flights will be operated with Bombardier CRJ-705/900 jets offering a choice of 12 Business Class seats and 64 Economy Class seats, wi-fi, and Air Canada's in-flight entertainment on personal touch-screens at every seat.Seats are now available for purchase at aircanada.com  and through travel agents.
"We are very pleased to announce new daily, year-round flights from Edmonton to San Francisco, which is part of today's announcement of strategically expanding our transborder network," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Edmonton is one of Canada's growing cities with a considerable young, entrepreneurial demographic marked by the unprecedented inclusion of three Edmonton restaurants in our recent Air Canada's Best New Restaurants.  Our new flights will give the increasing start-up, tech and innovator businesses in Alberta's capital city direct access to California's Silicon Valley, and additionally, a wide array of onward connections can be made at Star Alliance's San Francisco global hub."
"We applaud Air Canada for responding to the needs of the Edmonton Metro Region and northern Alberta by identifying and developing new business opportunities," said Tom Ruth, President and CEO of Edmonton International Airport. "We achieve success as a region, using all our assets collectively to build business, and Air Canada is a key partner in our region's development."
"Silicon Valley businesses are investing and expanding in Alberta and partnering with our technology researchers and entrepreneurs," said Alberta's Economic Development and Trade Minister Deron Bilous.  "In my Silicon Valley trade missions those businesses have been clear that direct flights to San Francisco will mean more opportunities to work together to diversify our economy and create new jobs at home.  Congratulations to the teams at Air Canada and Edmonton International Airport for their work to help make sure Alberta continues to be one of best places on the continent to invest and do business."
"Edmonton and northern Alberta's new connectivity with San Francisco enhances our innovators and entrepreneurs' access to capital, networks and brainpower. This daily year-round service will serve the needs of leisure and business travellers, building on an already energetic startup scene in Edmonton and strong ties with northern California," stated Edmonton's Mayor Don Iveson.
"We are thrilled with Air Canada's decision to launch this direct flight which is of vital importance to our city" says Brad Ferguson, CEO of Edmonton Economic Development Corp. "This flight will connect Edmonton-based companies directly with their customers, partners and investors in San Francisco and the Bay Area. Edmonton's technology community is our fastest growing sector, and Air Canada's direct flight between YEG and SFO will allow our tech companies to grow and scale with a global mindset."
Air Canada's Edmonton-San Francisco flights will be operated by Jazz Aviation LP under the Air Canada Express brand, and are timed to connect conveniently with Air Canada's regional flight network in Edmonton and with Star Alliance partner United Airlines in San Francisco, as well as providing for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at Edmonton, priority boarding and other benefits.
AC8743
Edmonton-San Francisco
Departs 4:10 p.m.
Arrives 6:10 p.m.
Daily, begins May 1, 2018
AC8744
San Francisco-Edmonton
Departs 11:50 a.m.
