Non-stop Air Canada Rouge seasonal services start in June from Montreal-Victoria, Toronto-Nanaimo and Toronto-Kamloops
MONTREAL, Dec. 1, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced new non-stop, seasonal services will begin next June from Toronto to Nanaimo and to Kamloops, and Montreal to Victoria, British Columbia.  All new flights are now available for purchase at www.aircanada.com and through travel agents.
"We are strategically expanding our domestic network with our flexible fleet, products and services to capitalize on the growing seasonal demand to and from Vancouver Island and the Thompson Okanagan areas during the peak summer travel period," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "We are pleased to offer vacation travellers to and from Victoria, Nanaimo and Kamloops the convenience of non-stop Toronto and Montreal flights, where customers also have unparalleled access to our far-reaching North American and global network."
The Hon. Lisa Beare, BC Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture stated, "Air Canada's additional flights to Victoria, Nanaimo and Kamloops reflect the rising popularity of Vancouver Island and the Thompson-Okanagan as tourism destinations. I'm excited by Air Canada's extension of service to our province. This investment will make it easier for Canadians to visit these beautiful regions of BC, and further enhance connections between British Columbia and Central Canada."
Today's new routes complement Air Canada's North American transborder expansion announcement of six new routes earlier this week, and its previously announced new non-stop international services beginning 2018: Vancouver-Paris; Vancouver-Zurich; Vancouver-Melbourne, originally planned as winter seasonal now operating year-round starting June; Toronto-Shannon, Toronto-Zagreb; Toronto-Porto; Toronto-Bucharest; Toronto-Buenos Aires; Montreal-Tokyo-Narita; Montreal-Dublin; Montreal-Bucharest; and Montreal-Lisbon.
All flights are timed to connect conveniently with Air Canada's global schedule, and provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at mainline airports, priority boarding and other benefits.
Toronto-NanaimoBegins June 21 until Oct. 8
Monday,Wednesday,Friday,Sunday
AC1975 departsToronto at 9:30 a.m.
AC1974 departsNanaimo at 12:15 p.m.
Air Canada Rouge 136-seat A319, Premium and Economy class
Toronto-Kamloops Begins June 22 until Oct. 9
Tuesday,Thursday,Saturday
AC1977 departsToronto at 9:45 a.m.
AC1976 departsKamloops at 12:15 p.m.
Air Canada Rouge 136-seat A319, Premium and Economy class
Montreal-VictoriaBegins June 22 until Oct. 9
Tuesday, Friday, Sunday
AC1685 departsMontreal at 7:45 a.m.
