All Aeroplan Miles donated to the Air Canada Foundation until December 10, 2017 will be matched by Aeroplan up to 500,000 Aeroplan Miles.
MONTREAL, Dec. 7, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - This week is the Air Canada Foundation and Aeroplan Miles Matching Week in support of the Air Canada Foundation Hospital Transportation Program. This program redistributes the Aeroplan Miles donated by Air Canada customers to 15 pediatric hospitals across Canada by providing flights for sick children who need specialized health care not available in their community. Aeroplan will match all miles donated until this Sunday December 10, 2017 up to 500,000 Aeroplan Miles.
"We are grateful to Aeroplan members and to Aeroplan for their ongoing support of the Air Canada Foundation Hospital Transportation Program during this annual Aeroplan Mile Matching Week," said Priscille Leblanc, Chair of the Air Canada Foundation.  "Their ongoing generosity allows us to donate in average every year 10 million Aeroplan miles to 15 pediatric hospitals across Canada relieving families of the financial burden of unexpected expenses and allowing them to focus on the health and well-being of their sick child." 
"We're overwhelmed by the generosity of our members.  Every mile donated makes an enormous impact to families and people in need across Canada.  We hope our members continue to support the incredible work that our partner the Air Canada Foundation is doing to support children who require medical care not available in their communities," said Anne-Josee Laquerre, Director, Social Purpose and Sustainability, Aeroplan.
The Aeroplan Mile Matching Week in support of the Air Canada Foundation Hospital Transportation Program is being held until this Sunday December 10, 2017. To donate your miles, please visit aircanada.com/Foundation and select the "Donate" button located on the top banner.   
Aeroplan Members can also automatically donate two per cent of all miles accumulated to the Air Canada Foundation by updating the donation opt-in on their profile page on aeroplan.com.  
About the Air Canada FoundationThe Air Canada Foundation, a not-for-profit organization focused on the health and well-being of children and youth, was launched in 2012. It offers financial and in-kind support, through travel assistance, to Canadian registered charities. Core programs include the Air Canada Foundation Hospital Transportation Program, which donates Aeroplan Miles to pediatric hospitals across Canada, enabling children to access medical care unavailable locally, and the Volunteer Involvement Program, which recognizes the involvement of Air Canada employees in their local communities by providing airline tickets to registered charities in support of their fundraising activities. The Foundation also offers continued support to major health-related causes that benefit Canadians and actively participates in international humanitarian relief activity as the need arises. In collaboration with the airline, the Air Canada Foundation also participates directly in fundraising activities such as the Every Bit Counts program, which encourages customers to donate loose change on board flights or through airport collection containers. For more information about the Air Canada Foundation, please visit www.aircanada.com/foundation or the 2015 Corporate Sustainability Report: Citizens of the World, online at www.aircanada.com/Foundation/Citizensoftheworld.
About AeroplanAeroplan, Canada's premier coalition loyalty program, is owned by Aimia Inc., a data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company.
Aeroplan's millions of members earn Aeroplan Miles with its growing network of over 75 world-class partners, representing more than 150 brands in the financial, retail, and travel sectors.
In 2016, approximately 2.5 million rewards were issued to members including 1.9 million flights on Air Canada and Star Alliance carriers which offer travel to more than 1,300 destinations worldwide. In addition to flights, members also have access to over 1,000 exciting specialty, merchandise, hotel, car rental and experiential rewards.
For more information about Aeroplan, please visit www.aeroplan.com or www.aimia.com.
