MONTREAL, Feb. 1, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada's corporate sustainability report, Citizens of the World, has been named the Best Sustainability Report in the Transportation Category by The Finance and Sustainability Initiative (FSI). It is the second year in a row Air Canada's report has been named best in the sector by the FSI, a non-profit organization that brings together finance professionals dedicated to promoting sustainable finance and responsible investment to financial institutions, companies and universities.
"Air Canada is proud to receive this recognition because accountability is an important aspect of sustainability programs. We know that promoting sustainability is the right thing to do but also essential, because it is only when communities and their members are flourishing that we ourselves can succeed. We therefore incorporate considerations of sustainability into everything we do and our sustainability report, Citizens of the World, is a means of tracking our progress and contributions in the areas of safety, the environment, our employees and local communities," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada. 
Highlights of Air Canada's 2016 CSR activities described in Citizens of the World, Air Canada's 2016 include:
Air Canada's 2016 corporate sustainability report is available at www.aircanada.com/csr. It was prepared in accordance with principles of the Global Reporting Initiative, an internationally recognized standard for sustainability reporting. To further validate the report, Air Canada has taken the extra step of retaining a third-party auditor to assure select indicators and independently verify the company's disclosure. The report is framed around the findings of an extensive stakeholder survey to identify areas of most concern with respect to sustainability. It also contains a discussion of governance practices at Air Canada and tables of data quantifying the results of our sustainability activities.
About the FSI Competition for Best Sustainability Report
Now in its fifth year, this competition aims to promote excellence in sustainability reporting among Canadian public companies. All companies that are part of the S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index are automatically eligible for this competition. Juries are composed of university students from several universities, including Concordia, HEC Montréal, McGill, Polytechnique Montréal, Université de Sherbrooke, UQAM, and Waterloo.
About Air Canada
