New comfort fare offers key amenities plus options to enhance travel
MONTREAL, April 4, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today unveiled an expanded range of North America Economy fares to give its customers greater flexibility to select the airport and onboard amenities they want when travelling.  In redesigning its existing Economy fares the airline is introducing a new comfort fare that provides customers a wide range of features, including complimentary access to Preferred Seats, and the option to purchase other amenities such as Maple Leaf LoungeTM access.
"Air Canada recognizes that people have different requirements when they travel, so we are expanding the range of choice for our Economy customers with our new suite of fares. Each fare type offers customers specific attributes as well as options to purchase additional benefits and amenities that vary based on the type selected, such as extra legroom, upgrade eligibility, or lounge access," said Lucie Guillemette, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada.
All Economy fare types provide customers with Air Canada's award-winning service, complimentary carry-on baggage, free inflight entertainment, and the option to purchase onboard Wi-Fi access where available.
The five Economy fare types and their features are:
Latitude - Fully refundable ticket; Priority check-in; two complimentary checked bags; advance seat selection and access to Preferred Seats when available; complimentary Air Canada Bistro Voucher; same-day changes; 125 per cent Aeroplan Miles accrual; and Maple Leaf Lounge access for purchase.
Comfort -  Same-day standby (previously only available with Latitude); advance seat selection and access to Preferred Seats when available; complimentary alcoholic beverage; complimentary checked bag; early boarding; 115 per cent Aeroplan Miles accrual; and Maple Leaf Lounge access for purchase.
Flex - Ticket changes permitted for a fee; advance seat selection; complimentary checked bag; 100 per cent Aeroplan Miles accrual; and Maple Leaf Lounge access for purchase.
Standard - Ticket changes permitted for a fee; 50 per cent Aeroplan Miles accrual for transborder flights and 25 per cent Aeroplan Miles accrual for domestic flights.
Basic - Air Canada's most restrictive fare option will be available only for select routes and flights and for booking exclusively through Air Canada channels.  These low fares do not permit changes, are not eligible for upgrades, and do not earn Aeroplan Miles.  Customers have the option to pay for checked bags, advance seat selection, and food and alcohol on board.
