Introducing new Air Canada Signature Service
MONTREAL, April 17, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today introduced its new Air Canada Signature Service, providing an enhanced and seamless end-to-end travel experience for customers flying in Air Canada Signature Class, the premium cabin of its wide-body aircraft. Available today for international customers and, starting June 1 on select flights within North America, the new service makes Air Canada the first North American airline to designate aircraft with lie-flat seats for premium customers on select non-stop, transcontinental flights within Canada and to the U.S., including overnight daily flights from Vancouver, Los Angeles and San Francisco to Toronto.
Air Canada Signature Service customers will receive priority service at every stage of the journey, including access to airport concierge services, expedited check-in and security clearance, priority baggage handling and preferential boarding. Customers will also enjoy Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge access and, for eligible customers travelling to international destinations from Toronto-Pearson, access to the exclusive Air Canada Signature Suite, featuring à la carte restaurant dining from a menu created by celebrated Canadian chef David Hawksworth.
"Our new Air Canada Signature Service and Air Canada Signature Class brands reflect the ongoing refinements to our premium travel service. We know our premium customers travelling on longer flight itineraries place a high value on convenience and comfort when in airports or onboard an aircraft, and with Air Canada Signature Service we provide a level of service unsurpassed in North America on every widebody flight," said Benjamin Smith, President of Passenger Airlines, Air Canada.
"Customers travelling Air Canada Signature Class on international itineraries and, beginning in June, on select transcontinental flights within North America, will receive seamless Air Canada Signature Service. They will enjoy added amenities throughout their journey, from curbside-to-curbside and at all points in between." 
Available starting today on all Air Canada international flights and beginning June 1 on select transcontinental flights within North America, Air Canada Signature Service and Air Canada Signature Class incorporate and elevate the award-winning attributes of Air Canada's International Business Class, featuring its next generation lie-flat suites. Air Canada Signature Service will be available on select transborder and domestic Canadian transcontinental flights when operated with Boeing 787 Dreamliner, Boeing 777, Boeing 767 and Airbus A330 aircraft. This includes routes between Toronto and the cities of Los Angeles, San Francisco, Vancouver, and between Vancouver and the cities of New York-Newark and Montreal.  
To note, Air Canada Signature Service with lie-flat suites to provide a full night's rest will be available daily on the following North American non-stop overnight flights beginning June 1.
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Aircraft
AC126
Vancouver 22:35
Toronto 05:55 + 1 day
Boeing 777
AC788
Los Angeles 22:15
Toronto 05:52 + 1 day
Boeing 787
AC754
San Francisco 22:45
Toronto 06:37 + 1 day
Boeing 787
