MONTREAL, June 3, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - The arrival of flight AC818 at Dublin Airport, Ireland, this morning marks the successful launch of non-stop service between Montreal and Dublin. Flights will be operated until October 12, 2018, using Air Canada's newest single-aisle aircraft, the Boeing 737 MAX 8 featuring a Premium Economy and Economy cabin configuration.
"Capitalizing on the growing traffic between Canada and Ireland, we are pleased to inaugurate Montreal-Dublin flights," said Benjamin Smith, President Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Air Canada will offer the best market coverage of any carrier between Canada and Ireland with service between three Canadian hubs and two Irish destinations. This includes new Toronto-Shannon flights, up to daily non-stop Toronto-Dublin service, as well as seasonal non-stop Vancouver-Dublin service."
"The accelerated development of our air service in recent years has made Montréal-Trudeau a much more strategic hub – a hub for international aviation. With recent additions such as Shanghai, Algiers, Tel Aviv, Lima, Tokyo and today, Dublin, Air Canada is listening to Montrealers and constantly offering them new and popular destinations. The Irish community in Montreal is not only large but it has a considerable influence on the city's cultural life. Many passengers will be able to benefit from this direct link this summer," said Philippe Rainville, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aéroports de Montréal.
"I am delighted to welcome the launch by Air Canada of its new non-stop service from Montreal to Dublin. This new service will greatly enhance and widen the air connectivity between our two countries. I have no doubt that it will further boost the strong growth in business and leisure tourism between Ireland and Canada," said the Ambassador of Ireland Jim Kelly.
Dana Welch, Tourism Ireland's Manager in Canada, said: "We are excited about the launch of the new Air Canada route between Montreal and Dublin. Tourism Ireland looks forward to continuing to work closely with Air Canada and the Dublin airport to support demand for this route. As an island destination, the importance of convenient, direct, non-stop flights cannot be overstated – they are absolutely critical to achieving growth in inbound tourism."
Air Canada has configured its Boeing 737 MAX with two cabins of service: Premium Economy and Economy. Features of the new aircraft include:
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Days of Week
AC818
Montreal 21:15
Dublin 8:25 + 1 day
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC819
Dublin 10:20
Montreal 12:00
Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Sunday
All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at the Montreal hub, priority boarding and other benefits.
In 2018, Air Canada is launching ten new destinations from Montreal: London, Windsor, Victoria (Canada); Tokyo-Narita, (Japan); Phoenix, Pittsburgh and Baltimore (U.S.); Dublin (Ireland); Lisbon (Portugal) and Bucharest (Romania).
