MONTREAL, July 11, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it will open a redesigned Maple Leaf Lounge located in St. John's International Airport new terminal East expansion area (YYT) this fall. The new Maple Leaf Lounge will have 77 per cent more square footage, 46 additional seats, and windows offering a panoramic view of iconic Signal Hill and a beautiful view of the ocean.
"We look forward to the opening of our redesigned Maple Leaf Lounge in the newly expanded Departures Lounge at St John's later this year which will offer our eligible customers an elevated airport experience, with a quiet place to relax or work before their flight," said Benjamin Smith, Air Canada's President, Airlines and Chief Operating Officer. "Throughout the lounge, we're proudly showcasing Canadian furnishings, local art and crafts that will reflect the charm of Newfoundland and Labrador's landscape and people."
"We are delighted that our airline partner Air Canada has made this significant investment at our airport, for the benefit of many of our frequent travellers. The beautifully designed new lounge with its added amenities will be well-received by passengers, and will assist in creating an exceptional experience at our airport," said Keith Collins, President and CEO, St. John's International Airport Authority.
The YYT Maple Leaf Lounge will be located in the newly expanded departures lounge. The new lounge expands to 332 square metres (3,573 square feet) from 187 square metres (2,009 square feet) and seats for 84 customers. An Air Canada reception agent will assist with travel needs. Other new amenities include washrooms, a Samsung TV zone, and a self-serve bistro and bar with an elevated food &amp; beverage offering. Additional details will be announced when the lounge opens in this fall. 
As a leading global carrier, Air Canada offers eligible customers access to 22 Maple Leaf Lounges worldwide including 16 currently at Canadian airports, plus a new lounge opening in Saskatoon later this fall. Customers travelling abroad may also enjoy lounges at New York-LaGuardia, New York-Newark, Los Angeles, London Heathrow, Frankfurt and Paris. More information about Air Canada's award-winning Maple Leaf Lounges is here. 
Air Canada and its regional partners operate over 180 weekly non-stop scheduled flights in the summer to seven destinations across Canada and one to London-Heathrow from YYT. It offers up to nine daily non-stop flights to Toronto, five to Halifax, three to Gander, three to Montreal, three to Deer Lake, one to Ottawa and one to Goose Bay. In 2017, the airline served more than 860,000 customers at YYT.
About Air Canada Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 220 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2017 served more than 48 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 59 in the United States and 98 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,317 airports in 193 countries. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which also named Air Canada the 2017 Best Airline in North America. For more information, please visit: aircanada.com/media, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook. 
Backgrounder
 AIR CANADA IN ST. JOHN'S, NL 
In the communityAir Canada has served Newfoundlanders and Labradoreans since 1942, longer and more consistently than any other carrier.  
Air Canada, through the Air Canada Foundation, created a Hospital Transportation Program specifically to address the needs of children requiring medical services not available locally.  Since its inception in 2003, over 160 million Aeroplan Miles have been donated to 15 pediatric hospitals across Canada including the Janeway. The Janeway alone has received over 23 million Aeroplan Miles allowing over 400 children, accompanied by a parent, from across Newfoundland and Labrador to travel to a recognized medical facility for specialized services. The Air Canada Foundation continues to work directly with the hospitals to provide this service.
In 2017-2018, the Air Canada Foundation also contributed to the fundraising efforts of a wide range of local charities including: the Janeway Children's Hospital Foundation, CNIB Newfoundland and Labrador, Eating Disorder Foundation of NL, Easter Seals, Newfoundland and Labrador, Autism Society of Newfoundland and Labrador and Choices for Youth.  
AwardsAir Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which also named Air Canada the 2017 Best Airline in North America.  Air Canada was also named the 2018 Eco-Airline of the Year by the respected airline industry publication Air Transport World in its 44th Annual Airline Industry Achievement Awards for its commitment to emissions reductions through supporting the development of alternative fuels, its numerous green programs and partnerships, and being the first airline worldwide to voluntarily join the World Bank's IMF Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition. 
About Air CanadaAir Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 220 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2017 served more than 48 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 59 in the United States and 98 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,317 airports in 193 countries.  
