BOSTON, Sept. 24, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada President and Chief Executive Officer Calin Rovinescu is being recognized with the CEO Lifetime Achievement Award at the Airline Passenger Experience Association (APEX) EXPO opening in Boston today. Mr. Rovinescu is the first CEO from the Americas to be presented with the award by APEX, an international association dedicated to enhancing the passenger experience.
"I am pleased to accept this award on behalf of all Air Canada's 30,000 employees who work hard every day to deliver a superior customer experience, and who are committed to continuing to improve it. This award is significant because APEX is an international association and it further affirms our status as a leading global carrier," said Mr. Rovinescu. "This award also validates the investments we have made in fleet renewal, our onboard amenities and in the services we provide in airports."
In presenting the award, APEX cited Air Canada's significant global expansion and many product enhancements during Mr. Rovinescu's tenure as well as the large investments made by the carrier to make the customer experience world class.
"As CEO and President of Air Canada, Calin Rovinescu successfully advanced the airline to new heights while having an incredibly positive impact on air travel in Canada, North America, and the world.  Air Canada was the first North American airline with lie flat seats, in-seat screens, signature service, and special inflight entertainment options for those with disabilities," said Joe Leader, APEX CEO. "In a continuously selfless manner, Calin served this decade as the Chairman of the largest airline association in the world and also as Chairman of the largest airline alliance in the world.  For these reasons and so many more, we are honored to present Calin the APEX CEO Lifetime Achievement Award."
At the award ceremony, Mr. Rovinescu will also accept APEX's 2019 Five Star Official Airline Rating for Global Airlines Award.  Air Canada is the only airline in Canada to be rated by APEX with a Five Star Global Award which is based solely on customers' verified feedback. 
The APEX CEO Lifetime Achievement Award is one of several leadership awards Mr. Rovinescu has won as President and CEO of Air Canada. In July, he won the Executive Leadership Award at the 2018 Airline Strategy Awards. Previously, he was named Canada's Outstanding CEO of the Year (2016) and was selected by the Globe and Mail's Report on Business as Canada's Best CEO (2013). In June of 2018 he was named a Member of The Order of Canada.
About Air Canada
