The ranked list will be found in the October issue of Air Canada enRoute magazine
TORONTO, Oct. 1, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - In the spirit of its wildly popular Canada's Best New Restaurants, Air Canada is thrilled to launch Canada's Best New Bars, presented by American Express. With its first-ever Top 10 list, the airline shines a spotlight on the country's best places to grab a pint, sip a pinot and toast a martini.
From a Havana-conjuring tropical hangout on Vancouver's Main Street to a sleek, mid-century drinking den near the Dartmouth waterfront, the best new bars from coast to coast are as varied as the country itself. Based on recommendations from a panel of bartenders, chefs, sommeliers, mixologists and industry experts, Air Canada sent one writer on an anonymous, month-long, cross-country crawl to track down the nation's greatest new places to drink.
"Air Canada wanted a way to celebrate the creativity in the Canadian bar scene and its contribution to our local, regional and national culture," says Andy Shibata, Managing Director, Brand, Air Canada. "The mixologists and sommeliers at these bars are creating incredible cocktails and wine lists featuring local offerings mixed with inspiring additions from around the globe."
"After seeing great success from Canada's Best New Restaurants year over year, we decided to launch Canada's Best New Bars to support the ever-growing bar culture in Canada. We're excited to give our customers the inside scoop on this year's Top 10 Canada's Best New Bars in the October issue of Air Canada's enRoute onboard magazine," says Shibata.
"We're proud to partner with Air Canada and introduce Canada's Best New Bars to both our Cardmembers and the rest of the country," says David Barnes, VP of Advertising and Communications, American Express Canada. "This inaugural list showcases an exceptional variety of bars and continues to keep our Cardmembers on the pulse of Canada's newest and hottest establishments."
The 2018 Top 10 for Canada's Best New Bars are:
This year's lineup for Canada's Best New Bars 2018 represent and celebrate diversity in Canadian bar culture. The list features bars that have launched across the country over the last 12 months and highlights the quality of drinks, along with the bars' ambiance and customer experience. The Top 10 for Canada's Best New Bars and their accomplishments will be featured in the October issue of Air Canada's enRoute onboard magazine. In addition, a selection of the Top 10 bars will be showcased at Canada's Best New Restaurants celebration on October 25, 2018. 
For more information about Canada's Best New Bars, please visit: canadasbestnewbars.com / lesmeilleursnouveauxbarscanadiens.com.
