Share this article
MONTREAL, Dec. 19, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced the appointments of Michael Rousseau to the new position of Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Craig Landry to Executive Vice President, Operations, effective January 1, 2019.  Messrs. Rousseau and Landry are both based in Montreal, reporting to Calin Rovinescu, Air Canada's President and Chief Executive Officer. 
"I am very pleased to announce two appointments within our deep and highly experienced leadership team to new roles as we continue delivering on our global ambitions. Mike's appointment recognizes the significant and highly strategic role he has played in our successful transformation over the past decade, and he will assume increased responsibility for several of our important corporate initiatives and businesses. Craig's appointment underscores the important contribution he has made to many areas of our airline over the past two decades. With his knowledge of virtually every aspect of our business, he will play a key role in leading our increased focus on delivering a world-class operation throughout the 220 worldwide markets and six continents we fly to," said Mr. Rovinescu.
As Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rousseau will assume oversight for several important corporate initiatives and businesses, in addition to his present responsibilities, including Air Canada Rouge where its President will now report directly to Mr. Rousseau. He is currently Air Canada's Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer, with responsibility for the airline's overall financial strategic direction comprising all aspects of financial reporting and planning, investor relations, treasury and controller's operations, taxation, pension administration, internal audit, procurement and corporate real estate. Mr. Rousseau was named Canada's CFO of the Year for 2017 by Financial Executives International Canada (FEI Canada), PwC Canada and Robert Half.
