Share this article
Convenient connections at Calgary hub throughout Alberta and BC
MONTREAL, Feb. 21, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it will launch new daily, seasonal flights between Calgary and London, Ontario beginning June 24, 2019 until mid-October.  Flights will be operated onboard Air Canada Rouge Airbus A319 aircraft with a choice of two cabins, wi-fi options and in-flight entertainment streamed to personal devices.
"We are pleased to expand Air Canada's domestic network linking London, Ontario to our Calgary hub with daily seasonal flights this summer.  We have strategically added these non-stop services between the considerable southern Ontario market and Alberta to offer both convenient point-to-point travel, as well as easy connections at our Calgary hub to and from destinations throughout Alberta and BC including Vancouver Island," said Mark Galardo, Vice President, Network Planning at Air Canada.  "In London, the addition of Calgary flights complements our flights to Montreal and Toronto, giving customers in the greater southwestern Ontario region unparalleled options of connecting over three convenient hubs when travelling to their final destinations this summer." 
"This is wonderful news for travellers throughout southwestern Ontario," says Mike Seabrook, CEO of London International Airport. "Air Canada continues to demonstrate their commitment to our region and have been steadily increasing the number of destinations that they serve from London. With our "Easy and Comfortable" approach to travel at London International, passengers are going to love this new service."
"This new flight offers Albertans a direct link to western Ontario and will make for a shorter journey to western Canada for passengers from the east," said Michael Hayward, Vice President, Marketing and Guest Experience, The Calgary Airport Authority. "We'd like to thank and congratulate Air Canada on this new flight."
Flight #
Depart
Local Time
Arrive
Local Time
AC1697
London, ON (YXU)
07:00
Calgary (YYC)
09:08
AC1698
Calgary (YYC)
16:10
London, ON (YXU)
21:58
Flights are now available for purchase along with special promotional fares at aircanada.com, via the Air Canada App, through Air Canada's Contact Centres, and through travel agents. 
All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at main airports, priority boarding and other benefits.
