MONTREAL, Jan. 30, 2020 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today was named one of "Montreal's Top Employers" for the seventh consecutive year in Mediacorp Canada Inc's annual employer survey. The 2020 survey recognizes companies in Montreal with exceptional human resources programs and forward-thinking workplace policies, and includes a comparison of others in their industry and region.
"We are extremely proud to be named again as a top employer in Montreal where Air Canada has 10,000 employees, and where its global headquarters are located. As a progressive, employee-focused company, we continually invest in programs to support and engage people at work with additional opportunities to become involved in supporting local communities and causes. We see our culture as a competitive advantage which enables Air Canada to remain an exceptional place to work and to continue attracting the best people in every part of our organization," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer.
Top Montreal Employer AwardMediacorp cited several unique employee support and engagement programs at Air Canada. These include: state-of-the-art training facilities; generous discounts and perquisites for employees and their families; programs to promote health, fitness and wellness.
Working at Air CanadaAir Canada's reputation as a top employer has made the airline a destination of choice for people seeking a challenging career. It receives 194,000 visits each month to the employment page of its website and on average there are 360 applicants per position for each vacancy filled. In 2019 alone, Air Canada has hired more than 7,000 people, including 1,700 in Montreal.
Air Canada employs close to 10,000 people in Montreal in positions ranging from C-suite executives to specialized operations.
For more information on career opportunities with Air Canada please visit aircanada.com/careers. 
In addition to being named one of Montreal's Top Employers for 2020, Air Canada has received other recent recognitions for employee relations and engagement including being named:
Additional information on Air Canada's Human Resources is in the "Employees" section of the 2018 Corporate Sustainability Report. 
About Air Canada 
