Share this article
MONTREAL, Feb. 27, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today that it will operate its seasonal service between Toronto and Honolulu next winter with its state-of-the-art Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Customers travelling between Toronto and Hawaii will have the option to fly in Air Canada's Signature cabin, featuring fully lie-flat suites, meals prepared by celebrated Canadian chef David Hawksworth and other amenities.
"Air Canada is pleased to offer customers travelling between Toronto and Hawaii the added comfort of service aboard our state-of-the-art Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Air Canada is the only airline flying non-stop from Eastern Canada to Hawaii and the superior comfort of the Dreamliner, featuring Air Canada Signature Service, perfectly suits this ultimate dream vacation destination, particularly as many premium Hawaii customers connect from European and other long-haul flights," said Mark Galardo, Vice President, Network Planning at Air Canada. 
Dreamliner service will be available on the Toronto-Honolulu route beginning December 14, 2019 and will operate three return-trips weekly until April 26, 2020. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner offers three cabins of service, Air Canada Signature Class, Premium Economy and Economy. The flights will connect conveniently across Air Canada's network in North America and Europe. Customers can also collect and redeem Aeroplan Miles through Canada's leading loyalty program when travelling with Air Canada, and eligible customers have access to priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounges, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
Departs
Arrives
Days of Week
AC589
Toronto 16:35
Honolulu 21:30
Tuesday, Saturday, Sunday
AC590
Honolulu 23:05
Toronto 12:30 + 1 day
Tuesday, Saturday, Sunday
Air Canada Signature Service customers receive priority service at every stage of the journey, including access to select airport concierge services, expedited check-in and security clearance, priority baggage handling and boarding. Customers will also enjoy lounge access at both Toronto-Pearson and Honolulu. Onboard, the service includes: next generation lie-flat suites with mattress pads to enhance sleeping comfort; Hawksworth menu items; a wine selection chosen by Air Canada sommelier Véronique Rivest; and Lavazza espresso and cappuccino.
In addition to announcing the introduction of Dreamliner service on its Toronto-Honolulu route, Air Canada today also announced three new seasonal services. These include: Toronto-Quito; Vancouver-Auckland; and Montréal-São Paulo. For more details please see aircanada.com/media
