Share this article
MONTREAL, July 4, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - With flight AC1908 landing today in Bordeaux, Air Canada marks the launch of new non-stop seasonal service from Montreal to its fifth destination in France. The service to the popular wine region runs between July 3 and September 8, 2019 three days a week.
"As the only network carrier to offer non-stop transatlantic service to Bordeaux, the addition of a fifth destination in France further enhances Air Canada's competitive position in the French market. Our three weekly flights to Bordeaux provide travellers unique access to the famed wine growing region and the popular Nouvelle-Aquitaine market. In addition to playing a special role in connecting Canada with many French-speaking communities around the world, our Montreal hub is increasingly popular among U.S. travellers who appreciate seamless connections to international destinations on Air Canada," said Mark Galardo, Vice President, Network Planning at Air Canada.
"We are very pleased that Air Canada, our major partner, is further enhancing air services from Montréal by offering this route to a destination that is very popular with Quebecers," said Philippe Rainville, President and CEO of Aéroports de Montréal. "The Montreal-Bordeaux link will provide added direct access to this beautiful region of southwestern France, where discoveries and gourmet delights will be on the itinerary for travellers."
Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to Air Canada's extensive North American network, including major cities along the U.S. east coast including New York, Boston, Philadelphia, also allowing easy connections from Los Angeles, San Francisco and Dallas.  
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of operation
AC1908
Montreal
Bordeaux
8:00 p.m.
8:50 a.m. (+1 day)
Wed, Thu, Sat
AC1909
Bordeaux
Montreal
10:25 a.m.
12:22 p.m.
Thu, Fri, Sun
The flights are operated by Air Canada Rouge with a Boeing 767-300ER, featuring premium and economy cabins. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
About Air Canada in France
The introduction of the Montreal to Bordeaux service adds to an already extensive schedule of 40 weekly flights between Canada and France. During the summer season from Montreal, Air Canada flies twice daily to Paris, as well as five times a week to Lyon on our mainline aircraft, as well as four flights a week to Nice and three per week to Marseille on Air Canada Rouge. Air Canada also flies from Toronto to Paris once a day and from Vancouver to Paris four times a week.
