MONTREAL, Dec. 18, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - JA Canada and the Canadian Business Hall of Fame announced on Dec. 17 that Air Canada President and Chief Executive Officer Calin Rovinescu will be inducted as a Companion into the 2020 Canadian Business Hall of Fame. 


"Calin's exceptional business and leadership achievements have been widely recognized by several influential organizations both in Canada and globally. His deep commitment to making Canada a better place begins with his relentless determination and long-term vision in creating a sustainable, continually improving global company, which becomes a solid foundation to giving back to society. Through Calin's oversight of Air Canada's initiatives in championing diversity, mentorship to youth, investing in future technologies to reduce environment impact, advancing charitable programs that focus on helping children and improving children's health, plus his personal contributions to educational scholarships and through his role as University of Ottawa's Chancellor, it is most fitting that his accomplishments in business excellence and contributions to Canadian social causes have earned Calin another top honour as an inductee into the 2020 Canadian Business Hall of Fame," said Annette Verschuren, Member of the Air Canada Board of Directors, and a 2019 Canadian Business Hall of Fame Inductee.
Mr. Rovinescu has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada since April 1, 2009. Among the many recognitions for his business accomplishments, he was recently named CEO of the Year and Strategist of the Year (2019), awarded the Executive Leadership Award at the 2018 Airline Strategy Awards, named Canada's Outstanding CEO of the Year (2016) and Canada's Best CEO (2013). He is a member of the Board of Directors of BCE Inc. and Bell Canada, and of the Business Council of Canada, and is the 14th Chancellor of the University of Ottawa.
The Canadian Business Hall of Fame celebrates the outstanding achievements of Canada's most distinguished business leaders, past and present.  It was established by JA Canada in 1979 to honour Canada's pre-eminent business leaders for their professional and philanthropic achievements.  Companions are nominated by their peers and are chosen by an independent selection committee. 
About Air Canada 
