MONTREAL, April 2, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today was named the North American airline with the best Business Class by TripAdvisor's Travellers' Choice Airlines awards for 2019.
"We are very pleased that TripAdvisor's readers recognized Air Canada in its Travellers' Choice Airlines awards for Best Business Class in North America. We know our premium customers place a high value on convenience and comfort when in airports or onboard, and this award shows that our customers, whom we thank for their continued loyalty, appreciate the investments Air Canada is making," said Lucie Guillemette, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. 
The award follows Air Canada's unveiling last year of the Air Canada Signature Class, the premium cabin of its wide-body aircraft featuring lie-flat seats. Available for international customers and on select North American flights, this service makes Air Canada the first North American airline to designate aircraft with lie-flat seats for premium customers on transcontinental flights within Canada and to the U.S., including overnight daily flights from Vancouver, Los Angeles and San Francisco to Toronto. Amenities include celebrity-chef David Hawksworth inspired menu items on flights serving lunch or dinner and access to BMW Chauffeur service and Air Canada's Signature Suite for International Business customers at Toronto Pearson airport. The new suite is an exclusive airport retreat where eligible premium customers can dine à la carte at a complimentary, full-service restaurant and part of Air Canada's larger strategic investment in new and upgraded Maple Leaf lounges throughout North America.
All Business Class travellers, including those flying in North American Business Class, receive end-to-end premium experiences with personalized in-flight experience, priority services, exclusive lounge access and best in class comfort and amenities including award-winning in-flight entertainment as well as wine selection chosen by Air Canada sommelier Véronique Rivest.
Winners are based on airline reviews submitted on TripAdvisor Flights or via one of TripAdvisor's review collection partners. The consumer-oriented travel site uses an algorithm that takes into account the quantity and quality of airline reviews and ratings submitted by travellers worldwide, over a 12-month period on TripAdvisor Flights.
"Congratulations to Air Canada for being named a Travellers' Choice Airlines winner this year. This prestigious award recognizes travellers' favourite airlines worldwide based on review data from our global community," said Bryan Saltzburg, president of TripAdvisor Flights, Cruise &amp; Car. "This consumer accolade is a testament to outstanding service, world-renowned quality and amazing value. The Air Canada team should be proud of their award, as travellers around the globe have said this airline is among their preferred carriers when choosing to fly."
About Air Canada
