Only direct scheduled freighter service between Canada and Latin America
MONTREAL, QC and MISSISSAUGA, ON, April 13, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada (TSX: AC) and Cargojet Airways Ltd., a subsidiary of Cargojet Inc. (TSX: CJT, CJT.A), ("Cargojet') today announced they are finalizing a commercial arrangement that will result in Air Canada Cargo introducing dedicated freighter services from Canada to Latin America and Europe with Boeing 767-300ER freighter aircraft operated by Cargojet. Air Canada Cargo will become the only provider of direct scheduled freighter service between Canada and Latin America. 
The new Air Canada Cargo flights will provide 52 tonnes of net cargo capacity and are scheduled to begin June 9, 2016, subject to obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals.  
Initial service will operate on the following routes:
Under the arrangement, Air Canada Cargo also plans to introduce dedicated freighter service to Europe from Toronto in the second half of 2016.
"We are thrilled to offer our customers the only dedicated freighter service between Canada and Latin America," said Lise-Marie Turpin, Vice President, Air Canada Cargo. "Working with Cargojet, we are able to leverage and build upon Air Canada's extensive North American and international networks. We look forward to continuing to grow our dedicated freighter network to Europe later this year and for a successful and mutually beneficial relationship with Cargojet into the future."
"This new arrangement builds on Cargojet's long-standing relationship with Air Canada Cargo and is a win-win for both parties," said Ajay K. Virmani, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cargojet. "It allows us to optimize our overall freighter aircraft utilization and to expand our range of services and customer base with Air Canada."
About Air Canada Cargo
Air Canada Cargo provides direct cargo services to over 150 Canadian, U.S. transborder and international destinations and has sales representation in over 50 countries. With hubs in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, London and Frankfurt, the Air Canada Cargo network is extended through interline agreements with other air carriers and through ground trucking services offered in selected markets, serving more than 450 destinations in all. 
Air Canada Cargo is Canada's largest provider of air cargo services as measured by cargo capacity. Main customers are large freight forwarding companies and businesses whose products require the use of air services to expedite their time sensitive cargo shipments. Shipping solutions are tailored to best meet specific commodities and time requirements of our customers cost-efficiently. For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com/cargo
