VANCOUVER, April 27, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced the introduction of the only non-stop flights from Vancouver to Delhi, India beginning October 20, 2016, in time for Diwali festivities. The seasonal, three-times weekly flights complement Air Canada's Toronto-Delhi non-stop service launched last fall. To promote the new Vancouver-Delhi route, Air Canada is offering special introductory fares starting as low as $999 round trip, all-in.  Tickets are now available for purchase on aircanada.com and through travel agents.
"Customer response to our Toronto-Delhi service has been extremely positive, and with this new seasonal Vancouver route, we are strategically increasing our presence in the important Asia-Pacific market in time for Diwali festival celebrations.  Our non-stop Dreamliner flights from our Vancouver hub will also offer the shortest elapsed flying time from Calgary, Edmonton, Seattle, Portland and Los Angeles to Delhi," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.  "The operating economics of the Dreamliner together with the efforts of the Vancouver Airport Authority who have maintained airport operating costs at levels among the lowest in Canada, have enabled us to grow our Vancouver hub. Together with our extensive western Canada domestic and western US transborder network combined with the seamless connection experience through YVR's US in-transit pre-clearance facilities, position YVR to be the preferred gateway hub for trans-Pacific travel to and from North America." 
"The cultural ties between India and British Columbia reach back 100 years, and with increasing trade and investment links, those ties are growing stronger every year," said Premier Christy Clark. "Air Canada's new Vancouver-Delhi route reflects the increasing importance of our relationship with India."
Flights will operate three-times-weekly October 20, 2016 to April 8, 2017 with Air Canada's state-of-the-art Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft featuring 30 International Business Class lie-flat pod suites, 21 Premium Economy and 247 Economy Class seats with upgraded in-flight entertainment at every seat throughout the aircraft.
Air Canada is the first North American carrier to offer Premium Economy services that feature priority boarding, check-in and baggage handling in addition to a separate, spacious cabin with premium meal and beverage services. All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
"We are thrilled that Air Canada is launching non-stop service between Delhi and Vancouver later this year," said Craig Richmond, President &amp; CEO at YVR. "Our community has requested this route for many years and it will be a pleasure to celebrate its arrival during Diwali. I would like to thank our long-standing partner Air Canada for opening up this exciting new route and for supporting us in our vision to be a world-class, sustainable connecting hub between Asia and the Americas." 
"The Canada-India Business Council is thrilled to hear that Air Canada will be offering yet another direct service to India via Vancouver. These direct routes facilitate speedy travel for those considering and currently doing business in India," commented Gary Comerford, President &amp; CEO, Canada-India Business Council.
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days flights operate 
AC72
Vancouver (YVR)
Delhi (DEL)
21:40
01:20 (+2 days)
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC73
Delhi (DEL)
Vancouver (YVR)
06:30
06:55
Monday, Thursday, Saturday
Due to Daylight Savings Time, DEL arrival/departure timings will be one hour earlier during the following periods: Oct 21 – Nov 6, and Mar 12 – Apr 8.
Air Canada has optimized connections to and from the carrier's extensive Western Canada and Western U.S. network through the airline's Vancouver hub, and in Delhi, Star Alliance partner Air India offers excellent connectivity across the Indian subcontinent.
As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 55 in the United States and 87 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
