Top 10 to be revealed in November issue of Air Canada enRoute magazine
TORONTO, Aug. 9, 2017 /CNW/ - Proudly celebrating the country's talent and achievement during a banner year for Canadian culture, Air Canada presents the top 30 nominees for Canada's Best New Restaurants, in partnership with lead sponsor American Express. The highly anticipated longlist will be made public today on CanadasBestNewRestaurants.com.  
From a French-Japanese tasting menu in a cedar-clad Vancouver room to smoked maple mayo in a Prairie-French farming community to house-cured salume in a Quebec City casse-croûte turned trattoria, this year's finalists celebrate the delectable diversity that is Canadian cuisine. Based on the recommendations from a panel of food experts, Air Canada sends one writer on an anonymous month-long dining marathon from coast to coast to determine the most notable new openings which become contenders for the coveted annual Top 10 list.
"Air Canada is proud to support the ingenious chefs and restaurateurs that help form Canada's culinary culture," says Andy Shibata, Managing Director, Brand, Air Canada. "By highlighting their achievements online and in our magazine Air Canada enRoute, we are committed to discovering and supporting memorable travel and dining destinations across Canada."
The nominees for Canada's Best New Restaurants 2017 are:
Alder Room, Edmonton; Battuto, Quebec City; Bar Von Der Fels, Calgary; Brothers, Toronto; Botanist, Vancouver; Cacao, Vancouver; Cadet, Montreal; Café Linnea, Edmonton; Canis, Toronto; Chartier, Edmonton; Clementine, Edmonton; Clementine Cafe, Winnipeg; Deane House, Calgary; Fayuca, Vancouver; Grey Gardens, Toronto; Hayloft, Airdrie, AB; Jackpot Chicken Rice, Toronto; La Banane, Toronto; Lake Inez, Toronto; Little Oak, Halifax; LOV, Montreal; Mak N Ming, Vancouver; Marconi, Montreal; Moleskine, Montreal; Montgomery's, Toronto; Riviera, Ottawa; Summit, Malahat, BC; The Salted Vine, Squamish, BC; Tiradito, Montreal; Wolfe of Wortley, London, ON.
This year marks Canada's 150th anniversary, and the celebration of Canada's Best New Restaurants showcases the true depth of Canada's culinary offerings. Canada's Best New Restaurants 2017 spotlights the top restaurants that have launched across the country over the last 12 months and deliver memorable experiences through quality, creativity and innovation. The annual Top 10 ranking will be unveiled at a gala event in Toronto and on CanadasBestNewRestaurants.com on October 19, 2017, as well as being showcased in the November issue of Air Canada enRoute. 
"Our Cardmembers are passionate about food and have come to rely on our brand to give them access to the best restaurants and chefs," says David Barnes, VP of Communications and Advertising, American Express Canada. "This is our third year sponsoring Air Canada's Canada's Best New Restaurants and it's a natural fit for us. We're excited to see which ones make the list this year."
