MONTREAL, Dec. 1, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced non-stop, seasonal service between Montreal and Victoria, B.C. starting in June 2018. The new domestic transcontinental route complements Air Canada's U.S. transborder expansion announced Wednesday with new non-stop year-round Montreal-Baltimore and Montreal-Pittsburgh routes beginning in Spring 2018. All new flights are now available for purchase at www.aircanada.com and through travel agents.
"We are expanding our domestic network with our flexible fleet, products and services to capitalize on the growing seasonal demand to and from Vancouver Island during the peak summer travel period and will offer vacation travellers from Eastern Canada more convenient travel options. With the addition of new year-round Montreal-Baltimore and Montreal-Pittsburgh services, our customers will have unparalleled access to the most cities of any carrier in the United States, and provide U.S. travellers a convenient option to access our growing international network from Montreal," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "This underscores once again the strategic importance of building our Montreal hub as Air Canada continues its global expansion. Since 2012, our ever-growing presence at Montreal-Trudeau Airport has increased by 83 per cent with the introduction of 29 new routes."
"Today's announcement solidifies Montreal's role as a hub for business travel in North America. Montreal's business community will greatly benefit from more direct flights to major economic cities, so I commend Air Canada's commitment to contribute to Montreal's economic development," said Montreal Mayor Valérie Plante.
"The announcement of these direct flights to Pittsburgh, Baltimore and Victoria demonstrates the dynamism of Air Canada, which is contributing in a major way to the development of Montréal-Trudeau's air service," said Philippe Rainville, President and CEO of Aéroports de Montréal. "We are constantly looking to offer our passengers the best possible service, both for business and for leisure travel. These new destinations will enhance the range of flight options from Montreal."
All flights are timed to connect conveniently with Air Canada's global schedule, and provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at mainline airports, priority boarding and other benefits.
Montreal-Victoria
Begins June 22 until Oct. 9, 2018
Tuesday, Friday,Sunday
AC1685 departs Montreal at 7:45 a.m.
AC1684 departsVictoria at 11:05 a.m.
Air Canada Rouge 136-seat A319, Premium and Economy class
Montreal-Baltimore
Daily
May 17, 2018
Year-round
Air Canada Express 50-seat CRJ
Montreal-Pittsburgh
Daily
May 17, 2018
Year-round
Air Canada Express 50-seat CRJ
Air Canada at Montreal-Trudeau airportWith flights to 23 U.S. cities, the most of any airline, it has never been easier to connect in Montreal to Air Canada's global network including Paris, Lyon, Geneva, Brussels and Casablanca. With the introduction of our new international services from Montreal to Europe, Asia and North Africa, international travelers are increasingly finding that connecting through Montreal on Air Canada is the most convenient way to fly to and from the U.S. on North America's Best Airline as rated by Skytrax.
