 New route links largest airports in Canada and Japan; provides convenient downtown Tokyo access 
 MONTREAL, Dec. 6, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced that it will operate daily flights between Toronto-Pearson and Tokyo-Haneda (Tokyo International Airport) beginning July 1, 2014 using the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The new year-round service will be both the only non-stop flight between Canada and Tokyo-Haneda, located less than 30 minutes from downtown Tokyo, and the first daytime flight to Tokyo-Haneda from North America. This is the first deployment of Air Canada's Dreamliner -- featuring the airline's new seating and cabin amenities -- in the Asian market. The new route will complement Air Canada's existing flights to Tokyo Narita International Airport from Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver. 
 "Air Canada is very pleased to offer customers, especially business travelers to Japan, the option of flying to Tokyo-Haneda airport aboard our new 787 Dreamliner. Located less than 30 minutes by monorail from Tokyo's central business district, Tokyo-Haneda is Japan's busiest airport and is popular with travelers going into the city. Moreover, with North America's only daytime flight to Tokyo-Haneda, the schedule is convenient for those who want to maximize productivity during their trip. It will also further strengthen our Toronto global hub, whose easy connection processes and shorter elapsed flying times make it ideal for travelers to and from the U.S. north-east," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Air Canada. 
 "To provide customers choice, Air Canada will continue to offer service from Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver to Narita airport. Both Japanese airports offer a wealth of onward domestic and international connections through ANA and our other Star Alliance partners. All flights to Japan feature Air Canada's international business class with lie-flat seats, Maple Leaf Lounge access and concierge service for eligible customers, Aeroplan redemption and accumulation, and the other amenities for which Air Canada is recognized by Skytrax as the Best Airline in North America." 
 Air Canada will begin taking delivery of 37 Boeing 787 Dreamliners in spring 2014, further raising the bar in customer comfort. The aircraft features a brand new contemporary décor and three cabins of service, International Business with 180-degree lie-flat pod seating, Premium Economy and Economy. It also offers an extensive choice of in-flight entertainment on enhanced-definition, seat-back touch screens along with power outlets and USB ports available for all customers. Visit 787.aircanada.com for full details and a virtual tour of the aircraft and its cabin amenities. 
 Tickets for Toronto-Tokyo-Haneda go on sale starting December 10, 2013 with service beginning July 1, 2014. 
 With the new Tokyo-Haneda route, our fifth Asian airport to be served from our Toronto hub, Air Canada will offer the most flights of any airline between Canada and Japan with service from three Canadian cities: 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
