 "Our Home" celebrates diverse and universal values shared by Canadians 
MONTREAL, Dec. 20, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Today, Air Canada celebrates the Canadian spirit with the launch of a new ad called "Our Home." Running on television, online and in theaters throughout the holidays, the ad portrays the deeply personal connections we have to the place we call home, brought to life in a heartfelt narration by Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ot4n4txl4Ko.
"The feeling of home is about something much more than a place," said Andy Shibata, Managing Director, Brand at Air Canada. "We wanted to express what Canadians are feeling about their homes as they reunite with loved ones, and also show our pride in a country the world admires so much but we simply all call home."
"I felt a connection to this script because I know what it's like to carry that feeling of home with me wherever I go," said Reynolds. "Being a Canadian who travels all over the world, I understand how my home made me who I am and the special regard people everywhere have for Canada. But what's even more exciting to me is that Air Canada, through the Air Canada Foundation, has been involved with Canadian charities like SickKids, an organization I've also been fortunate to work with."
The ad is part of a larger campaign Air Canada launched in November to celebrate home. Canadians were asked on social media to share a story about who they most wished to spend the holidays with. Eight from the most fun to the most meaningful entries were chosen and awarded a pair of tickets from anywhere Air Canada flies to bring those special people home. Air Canada also hosted in-airport celebrations to make the reunions even more memorable when passengers arrived and saw their loved ones waiting for them at the airport. Among the inspiring stories were brothers who hadn't seen each other in more than five years and grandparents from Boston who longed to be reunited with their grandson in Regina.
"The stories we heard were all unique and really touching," said Shibata. "It's very gratifying to experience these moments because our customers are always at the centre of everything we do." 
