MONTREAL, Feb. 1, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today was named one of "Montreal's Top Employers" for the fifth consecutive year in an annual employer survey by Mediacorp Canada Inc. The 2018 survey recognizes companies in Montreal with exceptional human resources programs and forward-thinking workplace policies which included a detailed review of company operations and Human Resources practices, including a comparison of others in their industry and region.
"Air Canada is a global company headquartered in Montreal with over 10,000 employees in the area, and we're honoured to be named among the top employers in Montreal for the fifth consecutive year. The recognition for being an employee-focused place to work with a wide range of interesting careers, growth opportunities, top training programs, unique and desirable benefits, and community involvement possibilities helps us attract and retain the best and the brightest people as we continue achieving new heights on our journey towards becoming a global champion in our industry," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Senior Vice President, People and Culture at Air Canada. "Air Canada has long been regarded as a progressive employer and on average, we receive more than 390 applications for each job we fill." 
Top Montreal Employer AwardMediacorp cited several unique employee support and engagement programs at Air Canada. These include: state-of-the-art training facilities; generous discounts and perquisites for employees and their families; programs to promote health, fitness and wellness; and a consultative approach to workplace developments, such as recent head office renovations where Air Canada sought employee feedback on everything from storage space design to the final décor.
Since 2006, the Montreal's Top Employers competition recognizes employers that lead their industries in offering exceptional places to work.  Employers in the Montreal's Top Employers survey are evaluated by the editors of Canada's Top 100 Employers using the same eight criteria as the national competition: Physical Workplace; Work Atmosphere &amp; Social; Health, Financial &amp; Family Benefits; Vacation &amp; Time-Off; Employee Communications; Performance Management; Training &amp; Skills Development; and Community Involvement.   
Working at Air CanadaAir Canada's reputation as one of Montreal's top employers has made the airline a destination of choice for people seeking a challenging career. It receives 56,000 visits each month to the employment page of its website and on average there are 390 applicants per position for each vacancy filled. 
For more information on career opportunities with Air Canada, please visit: https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/about/careers.html
In addition to being named one of Montreal's Top Employers for 2018, Air Canada has received other recent recognitions for employee relations and engagement including being named:
