VANCOUVER, Feb. 15, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Customers travelling on Flight AC1782 this morning started their vacation right at their boarding gate as Air Canada rouge celebrated the start of seasonal, non-stop flights between Vancouver and Cancun.
"We are delighted to launch seasonal, non-stop flights from YVR to Cancun, one of the most popular vacation destinations on the Mayan Riviera," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "This winter, Air Canada offers service to Cancun from seven Canadian cities: Vancouver, Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa and Halifax. We continue to strategically deploy Air Canada rouge on routes with high leisure travel demand as part of our strategy for sustainable, profitable growth."
"We are thrilled to have Air Canada rouge add Cancun to its seasonal offerings in the Vancouver market," said Anne Murray, Vice President, Marketing and Communications - Vancouver Airport Authority. "Travellers looking to escape the Canadian winter will appreciate having more choices to this popular destination."
Air Canada rouge's Vancouver-Cancun seasonal flights operate weekly until April 25, 2016 with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft featuring premium and economy cabins.  Flights are timed to optimize connectivity to and from Air Canada's Vancouver Island flights through the airline's Vancouver hub.  All Air Canada flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight
From
To
Depart 
Arrive
Operating on
AC1782
Vancouver (YVR)
 
Cancun (CUN)
07:35
16:25
Monday
AC1783
Cancun (CUN)
 
Vancouver (YVR)
17:50
21:25 
Monday
Air Canada serves seven destinations in Mexico from Canada:  Cancun, Cozumel, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Puerto Vallarta, Los Cabos, Huatulco and Mexico City. 
This summer, Air Canada and Air Canada rouge will be launching new international services from Montreal-Casablanca, Montreal-Lyon, Toronto-Prague, Toronto-Budapest, Toronto-Glasgow, Toronto-London Gatwick, Toronto-Warsaw, Toronto-Seoul, Vancouver-Brisbane and Vancouver-Dublin.
