 TORONTO, Feb. 14, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada rouge begins flying non-stop between Montreal and Orlando starting February 15th with two convenient daily departures from Montreal. Service is year round and represents a 30 percent capacity increase this summer compared to Air Canada service last year. Air Canada rouge offers more flights between Montreal and Orlando than any other carrier. And with launch of the increased Montreal service, there is more Air Canada/Air Canada rouge non-stop service between Canada and Orlando than any other carrier, with Air Canada flights from Halifax and Ottawa and Air Canada rouge flights from Toronto and Montreal. 
 Air Canada rouge offers convenient morning departures daily for those customers that want to enjoy the attractions in Orlando right when they arrive, and daily late afternoon departures for those who prefer some extra time to prepare for their vacation on the day that they leave. 
 Flights between Montreal and Orlando are operated with Airbus A319 aircraft, featuring three customer comfort options: rouge, rouge Plus preferred seating with additional legroom, and Premium rouge with both additional personal space and enhanced service. Premium rouge seating is a three-seat-across configuration offering longer pitch, deeper recline and more personal space with a blocked middle seat. Premium rouge customers enjoy priority check-in, security and boarding, as well as complimentary premium food and drink service onboard. A complimentary iPad is also offered onboard to Premium rouge customers so that they can enjoy player, Air Canada rouge's next generation in-flight streaming entertainment system. 
 Book a vacation package in Orlando with Air Canada Vacations Air Canada Vacations customers can experience the magic of a Walt Disney World Resort, take a vacation out of the ordinary at Universal Orlando Resort, explore SeaWorld or shop the more than 50 million square feet of retail space. From sports and recreation to tee-off time at more than 150 area golf courses, Air Canada Vacations' air and hotel packages are waiting to be discovered. Over 50 hotels in Orlando offer savings such as up to 35% off a hotel stay, free dining plans, and more. Plus, children stay for free in most hotels. Travellers can enjoy Florida by car, with several rental options to choose from, and discover tickets to fun activities such as Universal Studios, water parks, zoos and much more. For a limited time, Air Canada Vacations is offering a special rate with the Play, Stay and Dine promotion at a Walt Disney World Value Resort. Disney offers flexible Magic Your Way vacation packages for a dream vacation on any budget and the magic of Disney at sea with Disney Cruise Line. Visitors can choose from 16 unique resorts, select a dining plan and add Magic Your Way tickets. With several options for admission to theme parks, there is an option to purchase ahead and save valuable time. Plus, enjoy complimentary transportation between the Orlando International Airport, the Disney Resort hotel and throughout the Walt Disney World Resort. As an added bonus, Aeroplan Miles can be redeemed towards Walt Disney World packages. 
 Book by March 31, 2014 and save an additional $150 per couple on flight, hotel and car rental + FREE seat selection. These savings can be combined with the Play, Stay and Dine promotion. 
 Visit www.aircanada.com to book a flight with Air Canada rouge or a vacation package with Air Canada Vacations and make lasting memories on your Orlando vacation. 
 About Air Canada rouge From the moment you book your ticket to the moment you're warmly welcomed onboard, you'll see that Air Canada rouge is a new way to vacation ahead. Enjoy the upbeat Air Canada rouge spirit, and our newly designed cabins. You've never flown leisure like this before. 
