 MONTREAL, July 8, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced that it will start new, non-stop flights between Toronto and Panama City beginning December 17, 2014. With the launch of the three-times weekly, year-round service, Air Canada will be the only Canadian network carrier operating between Canada and Panama. 
 "Air Canada is very pleased to become the only Canadian network carrier offering non-stop flights between Canada and Panama. Panama City is growing and vibrant, and is both a business and leisure destination for Canadians, many of whom own vacation properties in the area," said Benjamin Smith, Executive Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. "All flights will offer a Business Class cabin, complimentary seatback entertainment throughout the aircraft, Aeroplan accumulation and redemption. For eligible customers, there is also access to our International Maple Leaf Lounge in Toronto." 
 Flights will be available for sale as of July 8, 2014 and commence operating, three days a week, beginning December 17, 2014. The service will be provided with an Airbus A319 aircraft with 120 seats. The flights will also be timed to offer convenient onward connections from Tocumen International Airport. 
 Air Canada's Panama City service: 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 73 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,269 airports in 193 countries. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year. For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com.  
