Share this article
MONTREAL, July 2, 2019 /CNW/ - Air Canada has unveiled the redesign of its award-winning enRoute in-flight magazine.  Beginning with the July edition, now available onboard our aircraft, in our Maple Leaf Lounges and online, the magazine's refreshed format invites readers and travellers to explore new ideas on travel through enriched content that complements Air Canada's premium brand.


"Over its 60-year history, enRoute, has continuously evolved to remain a leader in travel and lifestyle content in Canada for its readers," said Andrew Shibata, Managing Director, Brand, Air Canada. "With the re-launch of the magazine, we want to provide a premium publication that truly reflects an aesthetic and voice that makes us unique and memorable through content that provides depth, insight, curation, context and thoughtful perspectives on the world, while also detailing the latest travel, lifestyle and culture trends."
Revamped for both design and editorial, the magazine will feature work by top Canadian and international writers, photographers, illustrators and content creators in a fun and engaging format that is bold, cinematic and has a real point of view. enRoute will showcase the best of Canada to the World and the best of the World to Canada and will align with the premium customer experience. In keeping with enRoute's readers' top interests, travel content will be a central focus with insightful and informative articles that report on the next hot travel destination, food and drink and interesting human interest stories from a travel perspective that evoke emotion and deeper thought, accompanied by strong visual imagery.  
Highlights include:
Air Canada partnered with Bookmark Content and Communications, a Spafax Group Company, a global marketing organization that distributes content in more than 180 countries worldwide to develop the new and enhanced enRoute magazine.
For more information or to read the July issue of enRoute, please visit: enroute.aircanada.com. Or follow @enroutemag on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
