MONTREAL, July 6, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada transported close to one million customers throughout the six-day holiday period, during which it achieved a single-day record for passengers carried. On Thursday, June 29, Air Canada welcomed aboard 166,850 customers, a record for Canada's flag carrier, and from June 29 to July 4 over 930,000 customers took flight with Air Canada.
"As Canadians celebrated our country's 150th birthday, Air Canada was hard at work safely transporting record numbers of customers to their destinations. This continues to demonstrate that we are the Canadian carrier of choice for travellers and reinforces our standing as The Best Airline in North America, as voted on for the 2017 Skytrax World Airline Awards," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada. 
"Our record for passengers carried caps an excellent second quarter during which our EBITDAR, driven by higher revenue and lower than projected fuel costs, is expected to significantly exceed the current average analyst consensus estimate of approximately $475 million. I thank our customers for their loyalty in choosing Air Canada and our 30,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in welcoming and transporting them safely." 
The outlook on EBITDAR (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, impairment and aircraft rent) provided in this news release is preliminary and has not been reviewed by Air Canada's auditors and is subject to change as Air Canada's second quarter 2017 financial results are finalized.  Please see section below entitled "Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information".
EBITDAR is a non-GAAP measure used by Air Canada in an effort to provide readers with additional information on its financial and operating performance. Non-GAAP measures are not recognized measures for financial statement presentation under GAAP, do not have standardized meanings, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other entities and should not be considered a substitute for or superior to GAAP results.  
For time-saving tips to help make your summer travel easy and enjoyable, please visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/news/summer-travel-tips.html
About Air Canada
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 200 airports on six continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2016 served close to 45 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 57 in the United States and 95 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,300 airports in 191 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook.
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable.  These statements may involve, but are not limited to, comments relating to preliminary results, guidance, strategies, expectations, planned operations or future actions.  Forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "preliminary", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will", "would", and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
