Share this article
MONTREAL, July 17, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has revealed changes to Aeroplan that mark the beginning of many improvements being planned as it moves toward launching its new loyalty program in summer 2020.   Designed to make Aeroplan more flexible and member-friendly, the changes to its flight rewards include: full refunds within 24 hours of booking, the option to refund your flight reward up to two hours before departure, a reduction of the aeroplan.com refund fee and complimentary changes and refunds for Air Canada Altitude Super Elite 100K members.  
"Choice and flexibility are at the core of our loyalty plans, so we're excited to introduce the first of many changes for Aeroplan Members as we work to create the best travel loyalty program," said Mark Nasr, Vice President, Loyalty and eCommerce, Air Canada.  "As Aeroplan celebrates its 35th anniversary this month it provides a strong foundation for our new program. The changes we are announcing today will provide members with more flexibility and peace of mind while still delivering the same unbeatable value so they can reach their travel goals."  
In order to provide greater ease and flexibility, Aeroplan Members' new options include:
For more information, click here.
About Air Canada
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving nearly 220 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2018 served nearly 51 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 62 airports in Canada, 54 in the United States and 100 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,317 airports in 193 countries. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which also named Air Canada the 2019 Best Airline in North America. For more information, please visit: aircanada.com/media, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook.
