Toronto global hub expansion continues with delivery of new 787-9 Dreamliners
MONTREAL, July 17, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today said that it plans to increase its new Toronto-Delhi non-stop service from four times weekly to daily service beginning October 30, 2016. Air Canada's new non-stop service between Toronto and Delhi, set to be launched November 1, 2015 with four weekly flights, is the airline's first route to be dedicated for Boeing 787-9 series aircraft. Air Canada will receive a total of 29 new 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft by 2019, in addition to eight 787-8 aircraft already in operation, as part of the carrier's fleet renewal and international expansion from its global hub at Toronto Pearson airport.
"Customer response to our announcement of non-stop Dreamliner service between Toronto and Delhi has been very positive," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada.  "Air Canada's strategy to grow our Toronto Pearson hub and international presence will continue to gain momentum as we continue to take delivery of Boeing 787 Dreamliners which are revolutionizing long-haul air travel. The operating economics of these new aircraft make this service feasible and it will be the first route dedicated to the larger, 787-9 version of this aircraft which will begin entering our fleet later this summer."
The four-times-weekly flights beginning November 1, 2015 will be operated with Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft featuring Air Canada's award-winning, three-cabin service, including the next generation lie-flat seat in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin, and enhanced seatback In-Flight Entertainment system available at every seat throughout the aircraft. Flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access in Toronto, priority boarding and other benefits.  For more information on Air Canada's 787 Dreamliner and new international product, please visit www.787.aircanada.com.
Flights are timed for convenient connections both within Air Canada's extensive North American network and in India on Air India or other interline partners to such cities as Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad, and to other destinations throughout Southeast Asia.
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC050
Toronto
Delhi
20:55
21:15 (+ 1 day)
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday
AC051
Delhi
Toronto
