MONTRÉAL, July 28, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced that, effective July 29, 2016, its Class A variable voting shares and Class B voting shares will trade on OTCQX International Premier in the United States under the single ticker symbol "ACDVF". Air Canada's shares continue to trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the single ticker symbol "AC".
"The visibility and quality of the OTCQX market will help expand Air Canada's investor reach in the U.S.," said Michael Rousseau, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Air Canada. "International interest in Air Canada has increased and the OTCQX market provides another accessible platform for U.S. investors to buy and trade our stock."
Vedder Price P.C. serves as Air Canada's Principal American Liaison on OTCQX, providing Air Canada with guidance on OTCQX requirements. 
Information relating to Air Canada as well as Real-Time Level 2 quotes for Air Canada are available on www.otcmarkets.com.
FOREIGN OWNERSHIP RULES
Canadian law requires that Air Canada be controlled in fact by Canadians and that at least 75% of its voting interests (or such lesser percentage as may be specified by Canadian government regulation) be owned and controlled by Canadians. Air Canada has therefore implemented a dual class share structure pursuant to which Air Canada shares acquired by Canadians are automatically Class B voting shares (without any further act of Air Canada or the holder), and shares acquired by non-Canadians are automatically Class A variable voting shares (without any further act of Air Canada or the holder). Both share classes are assigned equivalent rights, except that each Class A variable voting share confers the right to one vote per share, subject to proportionate reduction in voting rights in the event that either (i) the total number of Class A variable voting shares, as a percentage of the total number of voting shares outstanding, exceeds 25%, or (ii) the total number of votes cast by or on behalf of holders of Class A variable voting shares at any meeting exceeds 25% of the total number of votes that may be cast at such meeting.  Additional information relating to Air Canada's share structure is available in Air Canada's public disclosure record available at www.sedar.com.
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
