 Leads the Way in Capacity Growth among Canadian Carriers Serves More Destinations than Any Other Carrier 
 ST. JOHN'S, June 8, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it is further enhancing its services in Newfoundland and Labrador by offering customers travelling to and from St. John's a five per cent increase in available seats over last summer. 
 "This summer, in response to the expanding economy and working closely with the local community, we are pleased to increase our departing capacity from St John's by five per cent above last year's level," said Marcel Forget Vice-President, Network Planning, Air Canada. "2012 is Air Canada's 75th anniversary and we take pride in having served the St. John's and Newfoundland and Labrador community for 70 of these years and we will continue to look ahead for new opportunities. Both business and leisure travellers will enjoy convenient connections to Air Canada's global network, Aeroplan rewards, and an opportunity to use our flight passes for convenience and savings." 
 St. John's-London Heathrow Extension until the end of October of the only daily non-stop seasonal St. John's-London Heathrow, U. K. service offering the fastest and most efficient way of making connections throughout Europe with its Star Alliance partner carriers to several European capitals such as Stockholm, Oslo, Copenhagen, Vienna, Warsaw, and Berlin. Flights are timed to offer convenient connections to and from Deer Lake and Halifax. 
 St. John's - Toronto Six daily flights operated with a mix of 93-seat Embraer E90, 120-seat Airbus A319, 146-seat Airbus A320 aircraft.  During the summer travel season two of the six fights, including same plane service to Edmonton and Fort McMurray, have been upgauged from A319 to A320 aircraft. 
 St. John's - Halifax Five daily flights with four operated with 93-seat Embraer E90 aircraft and the fifth upgauged from a 93-seat Embraer E90 to a146-seat Airbus A320.  
 In addition, this summer Air Canada will offer from St. John's up to two daily flights to Montreal, one to Ottawa, three to Deer Lake, three to Gander and one to Goose Bay. 
 Other Newfoundland and Labrador 2012 Air Canada service highlights include: 
