MONTREAL, June 7, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - The Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages today issued a report which fails to recognize Air Canada's accomplishments relating to the bilingual services it provides its almost 42 million customers annually. We at Air Canada take great pride in our achievements that demonstrate our significant and sustained commitment to serve customers in the official language of their choice and in our role promoting bilingualism in Canada, a pillar of our Canadian heritage. While we continue to review the Report, we take strong exception to the Commissioner's mischaracterization of our performance on official languages which ignores our training and hiring accomplishments as well as the objectively measurable improved results in customer satisfaction. 
As Canada's largest private sector bilingual employer and provider of bilingual services across the country and globally, Air Canada is proud of its dedicated and hardworking workforce and is fully supportive of the objectives of official bilingualism in Canada. Air Canada is equally proud to have served Canadians and visitors to Canada for well over a quarter century since privatization. Air Canada is a much stronger airline than it was when it was privatized, and continues to grow, including the number of cities served – 206 destinations today vs. 62 in 1989 – as well as in our capacity to serve our customers in both official languages employing tens of thousands of bilingual employees. The very high level of bilingualism of our services, which according to a recent Ipsos Reid poll 94 per cent of our customers rate as satisfactory or highly satisfactory, is testament to our strong commitment and the success of the significant efforts we make as the airline that is a proud standard-bearer of our common heritage.
The Report's reference to a "high number of complaints" is an inaccurate characterization; in 2015, for example, there were a total of 52 complaints – approximately the same number of complaints per year since 2009 when Air Canada served 10 million fewer customers – and represents a miniscule proportion of the almost 42 million customers served in 2015.  Despite the significant increase in customers served each year, the absolute number of complaints has not increased at all, in effect resulting in a substantial decrease in their proportion. With every customer having about six interactions with Air Canada employees, this translates to 52 complaints for over 246 million customer-employee exchanges (less than three millionths of one per cent). 
This improvement, during a period of growth and the associated complexity of operations, is clear evidence that refutes allegations of inadequate responsiveness. Air Canada's effective decrease in complaints over this period is in contrast to an overall increase in complaints received by the Commissioner over the same period related to government and other federally regulated agencies, calling into question the basis for focus on Air Canada. 
In fact, the Commissioner's contention that there is an exceptional, systemic problem ‎of non-compliance by Air Canada of its official languages obligations has been rejected by both the Federal Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court of Canada.
Punitive measures aimed at Air Canada as suggested by this Report are without credible justification, misdirected and would not contribute to promoting bilingualism in Canada or improving the level of services in both official languages available to Canadian travellers. We believe that the real opportunity for improving bilingualism in the airline sector in Canada lies in expanding the use of both official languages to all airlines and airport services across the country consistent with the spirit and heritage of bilingualism as a cherished value in Canada. This is as much an issue of choice for passengers, as a matter of principle and fairness for carriers.  
Facts:
Air Canada is the only airline, and the only private sector company, subject to the federal Official Languages Act.  Air Canada has been fully privatized since 1989.
Whereas passenger numbers continue to rise, complaint numbers are falling despite the complexity of operations and scale associated with serving an additional 10 million customers over the past five years: 
