MONTREAL, June 17, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada flight AC061 departed for Seoul, South Korea today, inaugurating the carrier's 10th new international route in the past month. Since May 19, Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge have between them started seven new non-stop routes to Europe and one each to Asia, Africa and Australia as part of the airline's international expansion. In addition, Air Canada has also launched 11 new U.S. transborder routes since the start of May.
"Air Canada has undertaken the most intensive period of international expansion in its history. Over the past month, through Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge we have launched 10 new non-stop, year-round or seasonal services to international destinations on four continents. This gives customers, in time for this summer, more choices of destinations and routings than ever before," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Air Canada is already the leading Canadian domestic airline and offers the most flights to the U.S. of any foreign carrier, with 11 new city pairs launched since the start of May. By offering convenient connections to our expanding international network through our Toronto global hub, as well as Vancouver and Montreal, we can provide customers even greater connectivity so they can seamlessly travel the world."
Along with today's launch of daily, year-round 787-9 Dreamliner service non-stop between Toronto and Seoul, Air Canada mainline has also started non-stop, year-round 787-8 Vancouver-Brisbane service that increases to daily beginning today. The Dreamliner offers customers the choice of three cabins of service, International Business Class with lie-flat seat suites, Premium Economy and Economy Class. Air Canada mainline has also launched up to five-times weekly, year-round service between Montreal and Lyon, operated by a 767-300ER that features lie flat International Business Class seating. 
Air Canada Rouge has begun operating seven new seasonal flights since May 19. The new city pairs include: Toronto and London-Gatwick, Glasgow, Prague, Budapest and Warsaw; Vancouver-Dublin; and Montreal-Casablanca. Flights will be operated with an Air Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300ER, featuring Premium Rouge and Economy cabins.
Flights by both Air Canada mainline and Air Canada Rouge are timed to optimize connectivity with Air Canada's network. They also provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Also since the start of May, Air Canada has launched 11 new transborder routes to the U.S. The new pairings include: Toronto and Washington-Dulles, Jacksonville, Fla., Portland, Ore., and Salt Lake City; Vancouver and San José, San Diego and Chicago; Montreal and Philadelphia, Denver, and Houston; and, beginning June 18, Calgary-San Francisco.
