Only direct scheduled freighter service between Canada and Latin America
MONTREAL, QC and MISSISSAUGA, ON, June 10, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada Cargo and Cargojet Airways Ltd., a subsidiary of Cargojet Inc. (TSX: CJT, CJT.A), ("Cargojet') commenced service today with the first freighter flight to Bogota, Colombia and Lima, Peru, operated with a Cargojet B767-300F aircraft.   
The new Air Canada Cargo flights will provide 52 tonnes of net cargo capacity and will also include flights to Mexico City, starting this coming weekend.
Under the arrangement, Air Canada Cargo plans to introduce dedicated freighter service to Europe from Toronto in the second half of 2016.
"We're very excited with today's start-up of Air Canada Cargo service to Colombia and Peru, with Mexico City service starting this weekend," said Lise-Marie Turpin, Vice President, Air Canada Cargo. "Working with Cargojet, we are able to leverage and build upon Air Canada's extensive North American and international network to offer the only dedicated freighter service between Canada and Latin America. We look forward to continuing to grow our dedicated freighter network to Europe later this year."
"This first flight is the beginning of a strategic relationship with Air Canada," said Ajay K. Virmani, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cargojet.  "It allows us to optimize our overall freighter aircraft utilization and to expand our range of services and customer base with Air Canada."
Information about the new service, including route and schedule information, can be found at http://www.aircanada.com/cargo/en/shipping/freighter/
About Air Canada Cargo
Air Canada Cargo provides direct cargo services to over 150 Canadian, U.S. transborder and international destinations and has sales representation in over 50 countries. With hubs in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, London and Frankfurt, the Air Canada Cargo network is extended through interline agreements with other air carriers and through ground trucking services offered in selected markets, serving more than 450 destinations in all. 
Air Canada Cargo is Canada's largest provider of air cargo services as measured by cargo capacity. Main customers are large freight forwarding companies and businesses whose products require the use of air services to expedite their time sensitive cargo shipments. Shipping solutions are tailored to best meet specific commodities and time requirements of our customers cost-efficiently. For more information, please visit: www.aircanadacargo.com 
