 Air Canada rouge fleet will grow to serve Mexico, Florida, Las Vegas and more of the Caribbean 
 MONTREAL, June 25, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today said that growth of its leisure carrier subsidiary, Air Canada rouge, is on track to expand to a total of 23 holiday destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico, Florida and Las Vegas for its 2013-2014 winter season. 
 "We are delighted with the response to Air Canada rouge's inaugural summer season as it prepares for take-off July 1st," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer, in Toronto for a pre-inaugural event with employees and media.  "Our plans for growing the Air Canada rouge fleet are on track to serve more holiday destination markets where we can now compete on a more cost effective basis operating our new leisure carrier, while leveraging the strength of Air Canada Vacations. Once Air Canada rouge completes its inaugural summer season to Edinburgh, Venice, Athens and a number of Caribbean destinations, its flying will expand southward for the winter to an additional 13 destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico and select U.S. holiday markets. I would like to commend Michael Friisdahl and his team at Air Canada rouge for overcoming the complexity and challenges of launching a new carrier in record time with professionalism and an impressive sense of purpose. I also congratulate the first Air Canada rouge inflight graduating class who we expect will set an excellent customer service standard for vacation travel." 
 "As new Boeing 777-300ER and 787 aircraft enter the Air Canada mainline fleet, we intend to continue spooling up Air Canada rouge to reach a total of up to 50 aircraft.  The growth of our leisure carrier, in tandem with the mainline fleet renewal and international network expansion, is a key element of Air Canada's overall strategy for sustainable, profitable growth, both at the mainline and leisure carrier.  With a renewed, more efficient fleet combined with our award-winning product, Air Canada will be well positioned to expand its mainline global network to new, higher business-demand destinations while Air Canada rouge profitably expands Air Canada's presence on a lower cost basis in current and future leisure markets that present new opportunities," concluded Mr. Rovinescu. 
 Air Canada will take delivery of five new Boeing 777-300ER aircraft for its mainline fleet between June 2013 and February 2014, and the first three of 37 Boeing 787 aircraft by the summer of 2014. Air Canada is scheduled to take delivery of seven 787 aircraft in 2014 and the remaining 30 between 2015 and 2019. 
 Air Canada rouge's July 1 start-up fleet consisting of two Airbus A319 aircraft and two Boeing 767-300ER aircraft will grow to ten aircraft by the end of 2013 with the addition of six Airbus A319 aircraft by December 2013, and an additional four Airbus A319 aircraft by March 2014, for a total of 14 aircraft by the end of the 2013-2014 winter season. 
 A number of popular holiday destinations currently served by Air Canada's mainline carrier will be converted to Air Canada rouge service on a phased-in basis beginning October 2013 through March 2014 as additional aircraft are released by the mainline airline for operation by its leisure carrier. 
 Air Canada rouge will operate flights to the following popular holiday destinations for its 2013-2014 Winter Schedule. Flights are now available for purchase at aircanada.com and through travel agents: 
 Mexico: flights from Toronto to Cancun, Puerto Vallarta*, Cabo San Lucas* and Huatulco*, subject to government approval. 
 United States: flights from Toronto and Montreal to Orlando and Las Vegas, and from Toronto to Sarasota*, Florida. 
 Caribbean: flights from Toronto to Montego Bay, Jamaica; Grenada*; St. Kitts*; Grand Exuma, Bahamas; Curacao*, Netherlands Antilles; and La Romana*, Dominican Republic.  This is in addition to Air Canada rouge service commencing with its summer 2013 schedule on July 1 from Toronto year-round to 10 Caribbean and Central America destinations: Kingston, Jamaica; the Dominican Republic (Punta Cana, Puerto Plata and Samana), Cuba (Varadero, Cayo Coco, Holguin and Santa Clara) and Costa Rica (San Jose and Liberia). 
 * Seasonal services where indicated.  All other routes are year-round services. 
 All flights will be operated using Airbus A319 aircraft, with the exception of Toronto-Las Vegas and Toronto-Montego Bay flights that will be operated with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. 
 Air Canada rouge's Boeing 767-300ER aircraft feature a two-cabin configuration with three customer comfort options including rouge, rouge Plus with preferred seating with additional legroom, and, beginning in winter 2013, Premium rouge offering both additional room and enhanced service.  The airline's Airbus A319 aircraft are configured with rouge and rouge Plus preferred seating.  All flights will offer customers streamed wireless inflight entertainment, stylish and modern cabin interiors with innovative new seats, and the ability to earn and redeem Aeroplan miles. For more information and bookings, please visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/rouge.html 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is the 15th largest commercial airline in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 59 Canadian cities, 53 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
 About Air Canada rouge 
 Air Canada rouge is Air Canada's new leisure airline, part of the new Air Canada Leisure Group, along with Air Canada Vacations.   Air Canada rouge will operate a fleet of Boeing 767-300ER and Airbus A319 aircraft sporting an attractive new livery and interior, designed to reflect the airline's relaxed friendly ambience.  Initially flights will operate from Toronto and Montreal to vacation spots in Europe and the Caribbean. Air Canada rouge is the only leisure airline that offers a full network of connecting flights, Aeroplan Miles with every flight as well as redemption, and Air Canada Vacations package holidays or flight-only options. With all of these customer benefits, Air Canada rouge will be leading the way in leisure travel.  Vacation ahead with Air Canada rouge. For more information visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/rouge/index.html 
