 MONTREAL, June 28, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada (TSX: AC.A, AC.B) today announced that all of the nominees listed in the management proxy circular dated May 21, 2013 were elected as directors of Air Canada at the company's Annual Meeting of Shareholders which was held yesterday in Vancouver. 
 All of the nominees already served as directors of Air Canada, except for Mr. Christie J.B. Clark who was a new nominee. The Corporation is pleased to welcome Mr. Clark to the Air Canada Board of Directors.  Mr. Clark is also a director of Brookfield Office Properties Inc., IGM Financial Inc. and Loblaw Companies Limited.  Mr. Clark previously served as Chief Executive Officer and senior partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 2005 to 2011. 
 Each of the directors was elected by a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The results of the vote are detailed below. 
 Final voting results on all matters voted on at the meeting will be filed on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is the 15th largest commercial airline in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 59 Canadian cities, 53 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
