Share this article
MONTREAL, June 20, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - With the busy summer season about to begin Air Canada is highlighting some essential travel tips to make the journey smoother for customers over the holidays.
As part of its commitment to customer service, Air Canada has implemented an enhanced check-in process to improve the travel experience for customers. All customers checking in through any Air Canada channel are now required to include a mobile phone number or email address through which they can be contacted directly during their trip.
Customers who have used a travel agent to book their flights should ensure the agent has provided the airline with the customer's direct contact information. Air Canada offers customers a variety of convenient ways to check-in, including on-line, through mobile devices and at airports using kiosks, and each mode now makes providing contact information mandatory to complete the check-in process.
Summer Travel
Today will be our busiest first day of summer ever, with 165,000 customers set to take off to destinations around the world. To make each customer's journey as smooth as possible, Air Canada offers the following helpful tips so you can spend more time enjoying your vacation.
1. Save time. Check-in 24 hours in advance.
Check-in online at aircanada.com, mobile.aircanada.ca or via the Air Canada app (be sure to download the app for iOS or Android). You can also select/change your seat, select the number of checked baggage and pay any baggage fees in advance.
Customers must provide contact information (email or mobile number) when checking-in (mobile‎/kiosk/web) so that we can contact you in case of travel disruptions. If you've booked with a travel agent, please ensure they've included your contact information on your booking.  
For added fun, you can register your child for Air Canada's Altitude Skyriders (skyriders.aircanada.com) program to help them track their travels. Each child gets a Skyriders starter kit that consists of a friendly introduction letter, a sturdy luggage tag and a logbook to keep a record of each one of their flights.
More information on travelling with kids is available at aircanada.com/familytraveltips.
2. Is your flight on time? Confirm online 24/7 at aircanada.com/flightnotification or via the Air Canada app.
You can stay informed of flight status for all Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge and Air Canada Express flights by signing up for Flight Notifications or calling the toll-free Air Canada flight status line at 1-888-422-7533; TTY (Hearing Impaired): 1-800-361-8071.
We also post a Daily Travel Outlook that lists possible flight disruptions due to forecasted weather or other events and provides a link to a self-service rebooking tool.
3. Arrive early. Here's what we recommend: aircanada.com/deadlines.
Arrive early at the airport to be at the gate on time and avoid congestion that may occur during peak periods. If you are travelling to the US, please arrive 3 hours prior to departure to clear customs as well.
4. Review baggage rules. Here's what to carry-on and check-in.
Check size and weight allowances when packing at aircanada.com/carryon as carry-on baggage will be screened and tagged. Information on checked baggage allowance is available at: www.aircanada.com/checked.
Consider bringing a bag that will fit under the seat in front of you as space in the overhead bins is limited. We also strongly recommend checking any bags that do not fit into our sizers to make the boarding process more efficient and prevent delays. 
Put all valuables, including electronics, documentation, medication, car keys, money and jewelry, in carry-on bags and not in checked bags.
Bag Tags – Place identification INSIDE bags as well as on the outside, as external baggage name tags sometimes become detached.
Gifts – when travelling with gifts in your carry-on, remember to keep them unwrapped to facilitate security inspection.
5. Check your documentation. Avoid unnecessary surprises before your vacation takes off. Ensure that all your travel documents are valid and are not damaged, for information see: aircanada.com/traveldocumentation.
Travel within Canada
Travel from Canada to an international destination
Travel to Canada from an international destination
Canadian citizens
Friends and family from outside Canada
Parents travelling with children
6. Seamless travel to the U.S. Here's how.
Travelling to the U.S.
Travelling from the U.S.
For more information on connections, go here. 
What else to know:
