ABBOTSFORD, BC, June 27, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada rouge flight AC1979 touched down at the Abbotsford International Airport this morning, marking the start of new non-stop seasonal service from Toronto's Pearson International Airport.  Returning home as the captain for this inaugural flight was Captain James Jeffrey Martin, who grew up in British Columbia's Lower Mainland and completed his aviation education and training in Abbotsford. Celebrations were held at both airports and in the community to inaugurate the daily service.  
"Air Canada now offers the only non-stop flights between eastern Canada and Abbotsford, the largest municipality in BC's Fraser Valley Regional District. Our Abbotsford flights seamlessly connect at our largest hub at Toronto Pearson to and from Air Canada's extensive network of non-stop flights to Canadian, US and international destinations," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
"Customers also have the opportunity to accumulate and redeem Aeroplan miles on all Air Canada rouge flights. Air Canada is selectively deploying Air Canada rouge on a limited number of predominantly leisure markets in Canada as part of our strategy for sustainable, profitable growth and to complement our successful mainline domestic network," concluded Mr. Smith.
Service between Toronto and Abbotsford will be operated daily by Air Canada rouge to October 12, 2015 with 136-seat Airbus A319 aircraft offering a choice of premium and economy cabins. 
"Air Canada rouge is a welcome addition to our airport community. The new service will definitely enhance the ease and convenience for our guests.  We are looking forward to working with Air Canada to establish a long-term partnership," said Dave Holmberg, Abbotsford Airport Authority Chair. 
Air Canada rouge's Toronto-Abbotsford service: 
Flight number
Departs
Arrives
Day of the week
AC 1979
Toronto at 07:55
Abbotsford at 09:55
Daily
AC 1980
Abbotsford at 10:35 
Toronto at 18:05
Daily
New routes launched by Air Canada this year, in addition to today's Toronto-Abbotsford include: Toronto-Amsterdam, Montreal-Mexico City, Montreal-Venice, Vancouver-Osaka, Vancouver-Comox, Calgary-Halifax, Calgary-Nanaimo, Toronto-Austin, Toronto-Atlantic City and Calgary-Terrace.  Announced new routes still to launch this year include: Toronto-Dubai and Toronto-Delhi.
About Air Canada and Air Canada rouge
