Share this article
Program offers small and medium business customers discounted access to 425 workspaces around the world through WeWork Global Access
MONTREAL, March 6, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it is adding a new feature to its Air Canada for Business program through a partnership with WeWork, which provides more than 400,000 members around the world with the space, community, and services to do what they love. Members of Air Canada's small to medium business program, who already enjoy exclusive offers, will now have discounted access to WeWork's global network of more than 425 locations in 100 cities and 27 countries.
"The Air Canada for Business program is designed to evolve with new emerging business travel trends. Given we fly to over 60 destinations where WeWork offers workspace, we felt that this partnership would be an exciting new benefit for our members, business travellers working all over the world. They now have easy and convenient options to book a workspace, hold business meetings and enjoy networking opportunities with their peers," said Rania Chehade, National Manager of Air Canada for Business. "Our goal is to continue enhancing the travel experience for our business travellers and accommodate them with valuable services to support their business needs at destination."
The Global Access membership will provide Air Canada for Business members a discount on WeWork's workspace network in over 100 cities and 27 countries, giving them the ease and convenience of having space to work and meet wherever they travel. From reliable internet, printers and conference rooms, WeWork's spaces offer Air Canada for Business members the essentials they need to hit the ground running.
"As the workforce becomes more mobile and more flexible, we're committed to providing a great workplace experience for everyone, no matter where business takes them," said Lior Eshkol, Senior Director of Global Product Commercialization at WeWork. "With Global Access, Air Canada for Business members will not only have the space they need to be productive, but will also be joining WeWork's community of more than 400,000 members, who report that their proximity to other WeWork members gives them a competitive edge. We're thrilled to welcome Air Canada's small and medium business travellers to our global community."
For more information and to sign-up, Air Canada for Business members can visit our website.
