 New top tier program comes into effect today 
 MONTREAL, March 1, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada's re-branded Top Tier frequent flyer recognition program, "Altitude", came into effect today, the carrier announced. Specifically designed to recognize and reward Air Canada's most frequent flyers, Altitude offers members a wide range of travel privileges, rewards and additional status levels. Improved benefits include enhanced priority travel services such as a complimentary checked baggage allowance, higher upgrade priority for higher status members, exclusive partner offers and new incentives such as tier status gifts, as well as the creation of a new dedicated website altitude.aircanada.com. Altitude members continue to enjoy travel privileges with over 25 Star AllianceTM member airlines. 
 'We have renamed our Top Tier program Air Canada Altitude and re-designed it to better recognize and reward our most frequent flyers. These changes are the most significant made to the program since we launched Air Canada Super Elite status over 15 years ago," said Craig Landry Air Canada's Vice President, Marketing. "After sharing new developments with members over the past year, we're pleased to mark this day when Altitude's wide range of additional benefits and exclusive perks come into effect. Altitude stands out as one of the leading frequent flyer recognition programs in the world, re-designed to offer Air Canada customers the privileges that are best aligned with their travel frequency and needs." 
 Altitude Status Levels Concurrent with the introduction of a number of enhanced benefits, Air Canada Altitude includes two additional status levels for a total of five. Members reach Air Canada Altitude status based on the number of Altitude Qualifying Miles or Altitude Qualifying Segments earned on eligible flights operated by Air Canada and its Star Alliance partners. 
 Altitude privileges 
 Air Canada Altitude and Aeroplan Air Canada Altitude is designed to recognize Air Canada's most frequent flyers with a wide range of premium products and services, such as priority airport services, lounge access and upgrades. 
 Air Canada Altitude members remain Aeroplan members identified by their Aeroplan Number. They also benefit from Air Canada's partnership with Aeroplan, Canada's premier coalition loyalty program offering a wide range of ways to earn and redeem Aeroplan Miles with over 150 partners. 
 Previously referred to as 'Status Miles,' Altitude Qualifying Miles are earned and redeemed on eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance member airlines flights, and are used for tracking towards a higher Altitude status. Altitude Qualifying Miles earned on eligible flights are also redeemable Aeroplan Miles, which can be used for Flight Rewards to over 1,000 destinations worldwide. 
 altitude.aircanada.com Altitude members enjoy for the first time the convenience of their own website featuring an easy-to-use dashboard for selecting and managing their privileges, choosing exclusive gifts and partner offers, as well as tracking their status at all times. For more details visit: altitude.aircanada.com 
 Members will continue to book flights at aircanada.com, and can use their Aeroplan Miles to book flight rewards at aeroplan.com. 
 About Air Canada 
