TORONTO and MONTREAL and VANCOUVER, March 8, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - In celebration of International Women's Day today, Air Canada is operating three flights in its global network with all-female pilots and flight attendants.  In addition, the two Boeing 787 Dreamliner flights from Toronto-London Heathrow and Vancouver-Newark, and Airbus A320 flight from Montreal-Calgary were supported by female ground crews providing customer boarding, as well as aircraft servicing, loading, dispatch and pushback functions, all highlighting the range of professional roles women work in. 
These three flights were given clearance and instructions by female Nav Canada Air Traffic Controllers.  An audio and video clip of the exchange between the pilots and air traffic controllers of AC868 preparing for departure at Toronto Pearson as well as photos for all flights are available here.
"We proudly salute and acknowledge the achievements and contributions of the more than 12,300 women who work at Air Canada worldwide. As a progressive and multiple award-winning top employer that champions equal opportunities regardless of gender, there are no glass ceilings for qualified women here," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Vice President, Human Resources at Air Canada. "Women work alongside male colleagues flying our aircraft, maintaining technologically advanced airplanes and systems, occupying senior management roles in law, finance, accounting, IT, human resources, in-flight service, customer service, commercial services, communications and in specialized airline operations. The sky is truly the limit, and we strongly encourage girls and young women to pursue their aviation dreams and consider careers in non-traditional professions."
Air Canada initially marked the start of Women of Aviation Worldwide Week on Mar. 6 with an all-female piloted flight from Vancouver to Ottawa carrying the female delegates participating in Equal Voice's Daughters of the Vote historic march and presence at the House of Commons today.
Air Canada has 30,000 employees worldwide of which more than 12,300 are women, and more than 420 work in non-traditional professions as pilots, flight dispatchers, mechanics, engineers, technicians, and in aircraft operations.
Information about careers at Air Canada is available at: https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/about/careers.html.
