MONTREAL, March 25, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today the closing of its previously announced private offering of three tranches of enhanced equipment trust certificates, in the aggregate face amount of U.S. $1,031,390,000. The private offering was comprised of Class A certificates, Class B certificates and Class C certificates. The Class A certificates have an interest rate of 3.600% per annum and a final expected distribution date of March 15, 2027. The Class B certificates have an interest rate of 3.875% per annum and a final expected distribution date of March 15, 2023. The Class C certificates have an interest rate of 5.000% per annum and a final expected distribution date of March 15, 2020. The three tranches of certificates have a combined weighted average interest rate of 3.810%.
Each class of Certificates represents an interest in a related pass through trust. The trusts will use the proceeds from the offering to acquire equipment notes to be issued by Air Canada and secured by one Boeing 787-8 aircraft delivered in January 2015 and eight new Boeing 787-9 aircraft, which are currently scheduled for delivery from July 2015 to March 2016. The security interest in each of the aircraft will benefit from the protections of the Cape Town Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol thereto on Matters Specific to Aircraft Equipment, as enacted in Canada.
Air Canada is using the proceeds from the sale of equipment notes related to the Boeing 787-8 aircraft currently owned by Air Canada for general corporate purposes and to pay fees and expenses related to the offering, and will use the proceeds from the sale of the other equipment notes to finance the acquisition of the eight new Boeing 787-9 aircraft.
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws. The Certificates were offered and sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to persons other than U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.  The Certificates have not been and will not be qualified for sale to the public under applicable Canadian securities laws and, accordingly, any offer and sale of the Certificates in Canada will be made on a basis that is exempt from the prospectus requirement of such securities laws.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell the Certificates or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Certificates, nor will there be any sale of the Certificates, in any state or jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. The Certificates were offered only through a preliminary and final offering memorandum and this press release is not intended to serve as the basis for any investment decision.
