Roy J. Romanow will retire from the Board following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
MONTREAL, March 31, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada is pleased to announce the nomination of Gary A. Doer to its Board of Directors to be voted on at its upcoming Annual Meeting of Shareholders ("AGM") to be held on April 30, 2018 in Montreal, Quebec. Roy J. Romanow will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the company's AGM after more than eight years of dedicated service. 
Mr. Doer is the former Canadian ambassador to the United States and during his tenure from 2009 to 2016, he participated in the negotiations of the Canada-U.S. new border agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership tentative agreement. He also served as Premier of Manitoba from 1999 to 2009. Mr. Doer was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in 1986 and served as Minister of Urban Affairs and Minister of Crown Investments. From 1979 to 1986, he was the President of the Manitoba Government Employees' Association. 
Currently, Mr. Doer is a Canadian member of the Trilateral Commission and serves as Co-Chair of the Wilson Centre's Canada Institute, a non-partisan public policy forum focused on Canada-U.S. relations. In addition, he is a director of several other leading Canadian corporations.
"We are delighted that Gary will be standing for election as a director at Air Canada's AGM and will bring his extensive experience and deep knowledge of the government sector and international relations to the service of our company and our various stakeholders," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada.
Roy J. Romanow will retire from Air Canada's Board on April 30, 2018 after more than eight years of dedicated service. "Following a distinguished career in government, notably as Premier of Saskatchewan, Roy joined our Board in 2010. On behalf of our employees, directors and shareholders, I sincerely thank Roy for his strategic insight, advice and invaluable contribution to the transformation at Air Canada," said Calin Rovinescu. "We wish him the very best in his retirement."
