MONTREAL, May 7, 2020 /CNW/ - Air Canada has introduced two new Aeroplan features in advance of the re-launch of its loyalty program later this year. Members can buy or gift miles at any time and can now use Aeroplan Miles to bid on cabin seating upgrades on Air Canada flights. 
"Like all Canadians, we remain deeply concerned about these unprecedented times and the effects on our health and economy. Yet, we continue to plan for a time when we can safely welcome all customers back in the skies.  Today, we are announcing two improvements – as part of our efforts to transform and relaunch Aeroplan later this year," said Mark Nasr, Vice President, Loyalty and eCommerce at Air Canada. "The redesigned Aeroplan will make it easier to travel and offer an improved experience to all members—both frequent and infrequent travelers.  We're confident that everyone will see new features that speak directly to them and better suit their travel needs – once they are ready to travel again." 
Since announcing that it would launch a new loyalty program in 2020, Air Canada has connected with over 36,000 consumers to learn what attributes and benefits they want from a travel loyalty program. These new features directly reflect that feedback, allowing members to:  
In developing these new options, Air Canada worked with two Canadian firms, both existing business partners: Montreal-based Plusgrade, a leader in ancillary revenue and merchandising solutions for AC Bid Upgrade and Toronto-based Points for the Buy/Gift Miles feature.
"Air Canada is proud to work with two Canadian success stories on these new features.  Working together with these businesses during such challenging times, while utilizing at-home resources, shows just how capable our partners are and helps support local jobs and our economy during this difficult period. With airline and hotel customers in every corner of the globe, they're the undisputed leaders in their respective spaces because they innovate with win-win products benefiting both travelers and loyalty program operators," added Mr. Nasr. 
To help members get ready for their future travels while they're at home, starting today at 10:00 am ET, and through May 13th, Aeroplan members will enjoy significant bonuses for all miles purchased:
As part of this offer and the Air Canada Travel at Home campaign, Aeroplan and its partner Points, will match a portion of the Aeroplan Miles purchased and donate them towards one of our Aeroplan Member Donation program charities - The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health Foundation (CAMH). 
Please visit here for more information.  
More customer-friendly changes and program improvements will be announced prior to the unveiling of Air Canada's transformed loyalty program later this year.
About Air Canada
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2019 served over 51 million customers. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which also named Air Canada the 2019 Best Airline in North America. For more information, please visit: aircanada.com/media, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook. 
