EDMONTON, May 1, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today inaugurated non-stop daily flights between Edmonton and San Francisco.  
"The tech, innovation and creative industries, together with legendary tourist and outdoor attractions in both Northern California and Northern Alberta make this a prime destination for business and vacation travellers alike, and we are pleased to launch the only non-stop flights linking Alberta's capital to the Bay Area." said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.  "Our Edmonton-San Francisco route is the latest addition to our strategically expanding network, and is one of 25 new routes being inaugurated this summer."
Air Canada's new, non-stop flight to San Francisco gives our business community access to one of the world's leading technology hubs and provides leisure travellers a new non-stop destination to visit," said Tom Ruth, President and CEO of Edmonton International Airport. "This new route highlights Air Canada's confidence in the Edmonton Metro Region and our community is pleased to work with them to add more flights to more places."   
Don Iveson, Mayor of Edmonton stated, "San Francisco service will generate new economic development opportunities, and means more connectivity for Edmontonians and Albertans. This link with northern California and Silicon Valley helps to enhance our city and region's access to tech-sector capital and scale-up knowledge."
Air Canada's Edmonton-San Francisco daily non-stop, year-round flights are operated onboard Bombardier CRJ 900 jets offering a choice of 12 Business Class seats and 64 Economy Class seats, wi-fi, and features Air Canada's in-flight entertainment on personal touch-screens at every seat. 
Flights have been timed to connect conveniently with Air Canada's regional flight network in Edmonton and with Star Alliance partner United Airlines in San Francisco, as well as providing for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at Edmonton, priority boarding and other benefits.
Flight #
Routing
Departs
Arrives
AC8743
Edmonton-San Francisco
4:20 p.m.
6:20 p.m.
AC8744
San Francisco-Edmonton
12:00 p m.
