Also Introduces non-stop Montreal - Phoenix flights
MONTREAL, May 3, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today the continued expansion of its international network with the addition of non-stop Montreal-Lima* service, its first Montreal link to the southern hemisphere. The carrier is also capitalizing on strong seasonal demand to Arizona by introducing new non-stop Montreal-Phoenix service. Flights are now available for purchase at aircanada.com and through travel agents.  
"Air Canada is continuing its global expansion with the launch of Montreal-Lima, our first South American route from our Montreal hub that will offer travellers from Quebec and Atlantic Canada convenient access to Peru. This new route will complement our existing year-round flights from Toronto, and strategically position Air Canada as an important player in the growing market between Montreal and Latin America. South America will be the third new continent Air Canada serves from Montreal in two years, after Africa (Casablanca and Algiers) and Asia (Shanghai.)," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "We are also pleased to announce Montreal-Phoenix flights providing even more choice for our customers looking to escape Canadian winters. With these new routes we are reinforcing our presence in the Québec leisure market and Montreal as a key hub for U.S. destinations." 
"These new direct services with Lima and Phoenix are excellent news for Montreal and its economy. They will facilitate travel and exchange between our respective cities and demonstrate the importance of Montreal as a major international intersection. I would also like to point out that the link to Lima is the first Air Canada flights to South America, which opens the door to a new and very promising market for Montreal. Thank you to Air Canada for contributing so actively to Montreal's international reach, "commented the Mayor of Montreal, Mr. Denis Coderre.
"With the addition of Lima to its Montreal network, Air Canada is again showing us its desire to develop Montréal–Trudeau as a strategic hub," said Philippe Rainville, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aéroports de Montréal. "We are grateful and we enthusiastically support its efforts, among other things by constantly improving our airport facilities and making them more efficient."
Route
Seasonal Service
Aircraft
Frequency
Montreal-Lima*
Dec. 16, 2017 – May 27, 2018
282-seat Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge) featuring Premium Rouge and Economy class service
Twice weekly 
Montreal-Phoenix
Feb. 22, 2018 – May 28, 2018
136-seat Airbus A319 (Rouge) featuring Premium Rouge and Economy class service
Three times weekly 
*subject to government approvals
All new routes are timed to optimize connectivity at Air Canada's Montreal hub to and from the airline's extensive network across North America and globally. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
So far in 2017, Air Canada has launched new international services between Montreal-Shanghai, with Vancouver-Taipei, Vancouver-Nagoya, Vancouver-Frankfurt, Vancouver-London Gatwick, Toronto-Mumbai, Toronto-Berlin, Toronto-Reykjavik, Montreal-Reykjavik, Montreal-Tel Aviv, Montreal-Algiers and Montreal-Marseille inaugural services to begin in the weeks to come.
