 New route from Toronto offers second non-stop destination in Brazil 
 MONTREAL, May 7, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it will launch a new, non-stop service between Toronto and Rio de Janeiro beginning December 11, 2014. The year-round flights to Brazil's "Marvelous City" will complement Air Canada's existing daily non-stop service to Sao Paulo. 
 "Air Canada is very pleased to become the only carrier offering non-stop flights between Canada and the storied Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Celebrated for such landmarks as Sugarloaf Mountain and the beaches at Ipanema and Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro is also a vibrant cultural and business centre that is home to major global corporations and host to international events such as the annual Carnival and the 2016 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games. The service will complement our Toronto-Sao Paulo route, meaning Air Canada will now offer two destinations in Brazil, one of the largest and most vibrant economies in the world, and strengthens our position as the only carrier flying non-stop between Canada and South America," said Benjamin Smith, Executive Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada. 
 "This new service is timed for convenient connections to our network at our Toronto Pearson hub, including to Tokyo-Haneda, Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai, and further expands Air Canada's global reach from Toronto. All flights will offer our International Business Class with lie flat seats, complimentary seatback entertainment throughout the aircraft, and in Toronto access to our International Maple Leaf Lounge and concierge services for eligible customers." 
 Flights will be available for sale starting May 7, 2014 and commence operating, three days a week, beginning December 11, 2014. The service will be provided with a Boeing 767-300ER aircraft with 24 International Business Class and 187 Economy seats. The flights will also be timed to offer convenient onward connections from Galeão - Antônio Carlos Jobim International Airport on Air Canada's interline partners. 
 Air Canada's Rio de Janeiro service: 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 72 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,269 airports in 193 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
