 MONTREAL, May 17, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada re-launches today daily non-stop seasonal flights between St. John's and London Heathrow, U. K. offering convenient connecting flights throughout Europe with its Star Alliance partner carriers. Air Canada will operate the only daily non-stop flights between Newfoundland and Labrador and London Heathrow until September 30, 2012. 
 "This year, we are starting service almost two weeks earlier than last year due to strong performance and support from the St John's community," said Marcel Forget Vice-President, Network Planning, Air Canada. "Once again we are pleased to offer our customers in Newfoundland and Labrador the fastest and most efficient way of making connections to several European capitals such as Stockholm, Oslo, Copenhagen, Vienna, Warsaw, and Berlin." 
 Air Canada flight AC822 leaves St. John's at 22:05, arriving in London at 06:35, and flight AC823 will leave London at 13:00 arriving back in St. John's at 15:10.  At London Heathrow Air Canada offers convenient connections to points throughout Europe with its Star Alliance partners. In St. John's Air Canada's flights are timed to offer convenient connections to and from Deer Lake, Halifax, and Toronto. 
 Flights will operate using a 120-seat Airbus A319 aircraft in a two-cabin configuration offering a choice of Executive Class and Economy service. On May 1, 2012 Air Canada expanded the selection on its In-flight Entertainment System to offer customers twice as many movies to choose from than before. The enriched personalized seatback system will give each customer free access to a menu of up to 150 movies designed to suit every taste, ranging from the latest Hollywood blockbuster to classic art house and international films. 
 Air Canada's seasonal St. John's-London Heathrow service will complement the carrier's daily non-stop flights to London Heathrow from Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, Toronto, Ottawa, Montréal and Halifax.  In 2012 the carrier will offer up to 84 flights each week from Canada to London Heathrow. 
