Offering improved Star Alliance connections and brand new Maple Leaf Lounge
MONTREAL, May 17, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Effective today, Air Canada's flights and Maple Leaf Lounge at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) are located at the renovated and modernized Terminal 6, following a seamless move overnight from Terminal 2. Air Canada's 19 daily flights arrive and depart from gates 68A, 68B and 69B at Terminal 6, offering a more convenient connecting experience for customers whose onward flights are with our Star Alliance partners. A new state-of-the-art Maple Leaf Lounge, the airline's third in the U.S., is conveniently located past security near Air Canada's gates.
"As the largest foreign carrier operating at LAX, we are pleased to offer our customers continued improvements in their airport experience with this move to Terminal 6. Our new LAX lounge complements our daily Boeing 787 Dreamliner LAX-Toronto flights featuring our Business Class-Transcontinental product with lie flat suites," said Benjamin Smith, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
Air Canada's Maple Leaf Lounge at LAX offers an elegant series of intimate spaces that showcase contemporary Canadian design with club chairs from Calgary-based Birchwood, and wood tables from Brent Comber of British Columbia. Currently seating 83 customers, the LAX lounge will offer total seating capacity for 118 people this fall after expansion is completed.  As a leading global carrier, Air Canada offers premium customers access to 22 Maple Leaf Lounges worldwide including three in the US. In addition to LAX, there are two in the New York City area - at LaGuardia Airport and at Newark Liberty International Airport.
Air Canada LAX nonstop service offers up to seven daily flights from Toronto, four from Montreal, six from Vancouver and two from Calgary this summer. From LAX, Air Canada's 19 daily flights to Canada are all timed to optimize connectivity at the it's Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver and Calgary hubs to and from the airline's extensive global network.  All flights between Canada and LAX offer a choice of Business Class or Economy services, complimentary personal access to hours of top-rated entertainment, provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, priority boarding and other benefits.
About Air Canada 
