 TORONTO, May 20, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today unveiled its brand new international interior product following the arrival in Toronto on Sunday of its first Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Visit 787.aircanada.com for details and a virtual tour of the aircraft and new design, seating and amenities. The airline will take delivery of a total of 37 Boeing 787 aircraft by the end of 2019, transforming its international wide-body fleet using the most recent advancements in aviation technology for fuel efficiency and customer comfort. 
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89168) 
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89169) 
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89170) 
 "We are very excited to debut today Air Canada's completely re-designed seating and cabin amenities for international customers following the arrival of our first 787 Dreamliner," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. "As we continue to renew our international widebody fleet with the introduction of these next-generation, fuel efficient aircraft over the next five years, we look forward to offering our customers the very best in comfort and amenities." 
 Air Canada's first new route to be operated with the 787 Dreamliner will be Toronto-Tokyo/Haneda in July.  Following the conversion of the airline's Toronto-Tel Aviv route to 787 Dreamliner service this summer, Air Canada will convert its Vancouver routes to Tokyo and Shanghai to 787 Dreamliner service over the 2014-2015 winter months. Plans for future deployment of the 787 Dreamliner will be announced at future dates as new aircraft enter service. 
 As the 787 aircraft are gradually introduced into the fleet, the airline will offer a preview of its new Dreamliner service on select domestic Canada and transatlantic flights on a temporary basis. 
 "The new interiors and seating on the 787 Dreamliner will become Air Canada's new international standard. As recently announced, we also plan to begin conversion in late 2015 of 12 Boeing 777-300ER and six Boeing 777-200LR aircraft to provide our customers a consistent product with the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. With the conversion of these 777 aircraft, we will introduce a much desired premium economy cabin and refurbish the International Business Class cabin to the new Boeing 787 state-of-the-art standards. The reconfiguration project is planned be completed in the second half of 2016," continued Mr. Smith. 
 Air Canada will provide three cabins of service on board its Boeing 787 Dreamliners and converted 777 aircraft, highlighted by comfortable ergonomic seating that features 180-degree lie-flat seats in its International Business Class cabin. An extensive choice of in-flight entertainment on enhanced definition seat back touch screens will be available for all customers along with power outlets and USB ports. 
 "The introduction of 787 Dreamliner aircraft featuring our new standard of onboard product is a key component of Air Canada's international expansion plans that include the development of Toronto Pearson into a preferred North American gateway and true airline hub," said Mr. Smith. "The fuel efficient Boeing 787 aircraft will open up opportunities for Air Canada to serve new international destinations and convert existing routes to Dreamliner service as we replace existing Boeing 767 aircraft with the new 787 Dreamliners." 
 Contemporary New Cabin Design 
 With the introduction of the 787 Dreamliner into its widebody fleet, Air Canada is unveiling a contemporary, sophisticated cabin design in a palette of slate grey and neutral tones with accents of Canadian red and celeste blue. 
 The interior decor, cabin architecture and seating in all three cabins - International Business Class, Premium Economy and Economy - have been designed to provide customers with an exceptional travel experience. 
 Highlights of Air Canada's new International Business Class cabin on the 787 Dreamliner include 20 lie-flat Executive Pods with an adjustable pneumatic cushion system that can be extended into a fully flat sleeping position 80 inches in length. New features that enhance the airline's award-winning International Business cabin include: 
 Air Canada's Premium Economy cabin on the 787 Dreamliner has 21 seats in a 2-3-2 configuration providing 38-inch legroom and generous 19.5-inch seat width and 7-inch recline.  Each seat is equipped with a 9- or 11-inch enhanced definition intuitive touch personal entertainment screen, as well as universal power and USB outlets. Air Canada's Premium Economy cabin service, unique in North America, offers premium meals, complimentary bar service and priority check-in and baggage delivery at the airport. 
 Air Canada's Economy cabin has 210 slimline seats in a 3-3-3 configuration providing personal space consistent with the comfort of Air Canada's current Economy cabin. Each seat is equipped with a 9-inch enhanced definition intuitive touch personal entertainment screen with USB outlet and a universal power outlet available at arm's reach. 
 Boeing 787 Dreamliner: A New Generation in Comfort and Fuel Efficiency 
 Boeing is the world's first major airliner to use composite materials in the construction of its airframe, allowing for significant fuel efficiencies, a more economical long flying range and an enhanced passenger experience with less impact on the environment.  Air Canada is the only Canadian carrier to order this new generation aircraft. 
 The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is 20 per cent more fuel efficient than the Boeing 767 aircraft it will replace. 
 The Boeing 787 Dreamliner provides passengers with an unparalleled passenger experience: 
