New service will operate with Boeing 787-9 aircraft in three-cabin configuration 
TORONTO, Nov. 3, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - With the departure of AC056, Air Canada today inaugurated new service between Toronto and Dubai, the newest addition to its growing international network. The new route will be operated using Air Canada's most modern aircraft, the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner featuring its new cabin interior design with three classes of service, including its next generation, lie flat suites in International Business Class.
"Air Canada is very proud today to commence service to Dubai from our Toronto global hub at a time of increased travel between North America and the region. By extending our reach with our new non-stop service to Dubai, we are providing customers more convenient options for traveling to the Middle East using the newest, most modern aircraft in our fleet," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada. "Today's inaugural also underscores Air Canada's commitment to its international expansion strategy, with its focus on transforming its Toronto Pearson hub into a convenient global connecting point for travel throughout the airline's extensive and expanding international, transborder and domestic networks."
"The Maple Leaf has launched and we are very pleased to welcome Air Canada to Dubai International. This new service operating thrice weekly between Toronto and Dubai will offer greater choice and added convenience to our customers. It is sure to strengthen our network, grow traffic and increase trade and tourism between Canada and the UAE," said Paul Griffiths, Chief Executive Officer of Dubai Airports.
Since December 2014, Air Canada and Air Canada rouge have announced new international service to Dubai, Delhi, Brisbane, Lyon, London-Gatwick, Casablanca, Prague, Budapest, Glasgow and Warsaw. As a result of its ongoing expansion, Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 63 airports in Canada, 52 in the United States and 86 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America.
The three-times-weekly service to Dubai will be operated with the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in a three cabin configuration, including next generation lie-flat seats in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin, and upgraded In-Flight Entertainment available at every seat throughout the aircraft. Flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access in Toronto, priority boarding and other benefits.
Photographs of Air Canada's 787 onboard products are available at http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/facts/photos_fleet.html.
Flight*
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of the week
AC056
Toronto
Dubai
20:55
18:40 (+ 1 day)
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday
AC057
Dubai
Toronto
23:55 
05:00 (+ 1 day)
Wednesday, Friday, Sunday
