 Purchase tickets conveniently and securely using Interac Online at aircanada.com 
 TORONTO, Nov. 1, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Acxsys Corporation and Air Canada today announced that Canadians can now purchase tickets and services online for Canada's largest airline using Interac Online. Interac Online allows consumers to shop easily and securely for products and services over the Internet, using funds withdrawn directly from their bank accounts. Canadians who have access to Interac Online through their financial institution can pay using Interac Online when they visit Air Canada's website, www.aircanada.com. 
 "We are excited to offer the convenience and security of Interac Online to Air Canada customers," said Mark O'Connell, President and CEO, Interac Association and Acxsys Corporation. "Canadians want the freedom to choose to pay using their own money when shopping online, and retailers want a cost effective and high demand payment option. Interac Online delivers on both fronts and we're delighted that Air Canada now offers this payment choice to their customers." 
 "Air Canada is pleased to make this additional payment option available as part of its ongoing strategy to offer customers more choice and greater convenience through enhanced on-line capabilities. Through our partnering with well-established providers such as Acxsys Corporation, customers can also be assured their online transactions will be secure and straightforward," said Craig Landry, Vice President of Marketing at Air Canada. 
 Interac Online is currently available as a payment option on aircanada.com to customers of BMO Bank of Montreal, RBC Royal Bank, Scotiabank and TD Canada Trust. Because payments are conducted through a consumer's existing online banking account, Interac Online offers consumers privacy, security and spending control. 
 For more information about Interac Online, visit www.interaconline.ca. 
 About Interac Association and Acxsys Corporation 
 A recognized world leader in debit card services, Interac Association is responsible for the development and operations of the Interac network, a national payment network that allows Canadians to access their money through Interac Cash at 60,000 Automated Banking Machines and Interac Debit at 766,000 point-of-sale terminals across Canada. Interac Flash™, a secure contactless enhancement of Interac Debit allows Canadians to pay for items instantly with their Interac chip debit card at a reader that supports Interac Flash. 
 Interac Association was founded in 1984 and is comprised of a diverse membership that includes banks, trust companies, credit unions, caisses populaires, merchants, and technology and payment related companies. 
 Other related services offered by Acxsys Corporation, whose shareholders are the architects of the Interac network, include: Interac Online, for secure online payments made directly from a bank account; Interac e-TransferTM, for the transfer of money from one person's bank account to another person's bank account using an email address or mobile phone number**; and international services, which provide Canadian cardholders with point-of-sale access at nearly 2 million U.S. retailers, and PULSE, Discover, Diners Club International and UnionPay cardholders access to ABMs in Canada. 
 About Air Canada  
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents. Canada's flag carrier is the 15th largest commercial airline in the world and in 2011 served more than 33 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 59 Canadian cities, 56 destinations in the United States and 63 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America.  Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,356 destinations in 193 countries. In 2012, Air Canada was ranked Best International Airline in North America in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by independent research firm Skytrax.  
 Interac, Interac Flash and Interac e-Transfer are trade-marks of Interac Inc. Used under license. 
