Share this article
MONTREAL, Nov. 5, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it is proudly supporting the City of Calgary's bid for the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
"Air Canada has a long association with Canada's Olympic and Paralympic athletes and particularly at home Games, starting with being the Official Airline at Calgary's highly successful 1988 Olympic Winter Games. We are tremendously proud to fly the flag as we fully support the city's bid for the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. On behalf of our 30,000 worldwide employees, and especially our team of 1,900 employees who live and work in Calgary, we wish Calgarians the very best in their pursuit of these Games," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive of Air Canada.
"Our support started in April of this year with a firm commitment in writing to the City of Calgary of our support for the bid. To further demonstrate Air Canada's support, one of our senior executives, Renee Smith-Valade, who has direct experience from eight previous Olympic Games – including both the Calgary 1988 and Vancouver 2010 Games – has been temporarily seconded to work with the Calgary 2026 Bid Corporation through the plebiscite and initial preparation of the international bid phase, and we are assisting in transporting athletes for special events related to Calgary's bid."
"A partner of the Calgary 1988 Olympic Winter Games and a longtime supporter of Team Canada, Air Canada is engrained in the Olympic movement in our country. No matter where in the world we have asked them to be, Air Canada has brought our athletes there and back, with the best care and service. Both COC and Air Canada know that hosting the 2026 Winter Games represents an incredible opportunity to welcome the world to our country," said Robin Brudner, Interim CEO &amp; Secretary General of the Canadian Olympic Committee.
"Actions speak volumes: Air Canada, Canada's flag carrier, stepped up early on to strongly encourage this bid to go ahead, and now, has stepped up with expertise, travel and employee engagement as we lead up to Canada's Games, Calgary's choice.  We're grateful for Air Canada's support for the 2026 Calgary Bid Corporation and their ongoing support for Team Canada," said Scott Hutcheson, Chairman of the Board, Calgary 2026 Bid Corporation.
Key facts about Air Canada's involvement in the Olympic movement include:
