TORONTO, Nov. 2, 2016 /CNW/ - The Air Canada enRoute Film Festival finalists have been selected for the festival's special 10-year anniversary. Award categories include Best Short Film, Achievement in Direction, Achievement in Cinematography, Achievement in Animation, and Achievement in Documentary.
The 2016 Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Award Nominees are: 
Achievement Award winners will receive an all-inclusive trip for two to the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival in Germany, courtesy of Air Canada. The winner of Best Short Film will also receive a $5,000 cash prize courtesy of presenting sponsor, Cineplex Entertainment. 
"This year marks the festival's 10th anniversary and what makes it so exceptional is that for the first time we've taken the festival truly coast to coast adding more cities and helping to boost awareness of our incredibly talented emerging Canadian filmmakers," said Andrew Shibata, Managing Director, Brand at Air Canada. "I look forward to a continued growth of the festival and discovering new ways we can help highlight Canadian content creators." 
A free public screening of the nominated short films will take place in Montreal on Monday, November 14 at the Phi Centre (407 Rue Saint-Pierre) beginning at 7:30 p.m. and in Toronto on Thursday, November 17 at Scotiabank Theatre Toronto (259 Richmond Street West) at 7 p.m. 
A private awards celebration hosted by Etalk Reporter, Liz Trinnear, will take place at The Fifth Social Club (225 Richmond Street West) immediately after the public screening in Toronto.
Also new this year and exclusively for film students, an intimate conversation with acclaimed filmmaker, Matt Johnson, presented by VICELAND will be hosted on Wednesday, November 16 at 6 p.m. at VICE Canada (78 Mowat Avenue, Toronto).
This year's finalists were selected by a special jury composed of actors, directors and animators who have all held positions on the jury in previous years for the 10th year anniversary of the Air Canada enRoute Film Festival. The jury is led by Patricia Rozema (director) and includes (in alphabetical order):
The Air Canada enRoute Film Festival supporters include Cineplex Entertainment, TELUS Optik Local / STORYHIVE, Sterling Wines, CTV's Etalk, Spafax, Entertainment One, VICELAND, Telefilm Canada, Directors Guild of Canada, William F. White International Inc., National Film Board of Canada and Hot Docs.
For news on the festival and film profiles, please visit www.enroutefilm.com. 
