[ Video: http://www.cos-mag.com/video/corporate-videos/4196-air-canada.html ]
MONTREAL, Nov. 3, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has been named the gold winner of the 2014 Canada's Safest Employers Awards in the transportation category. The Awards, announced in the November issue of Canadian Occupational Safety magazine, recognize companies from all across Canada for outstanding accomplishments in promoting the health and safety of their workers.
"This award recognition speaks volumes about the countless efforts by Air Canada employees and is a considerable achievement," said Samuel Elfassy, Air Canada's Senior Director Corporate Safety. "The airline industry presents a complex operating environment, one in which occupational health and safety management plays a key role in maintaining a safe workplace."
"Sharing of information is critical to safety. We use the latest technologies to gather data in new ways, to create a culture where employees are comfortable and confident in speaking up. This prestigious award is a prime achievement and speaks to Air Canada's safety culture which upholds our keystone value: Safety first and last – 100% – All the time," continued Mr. Elfassy.
"Keeping 27,000 employees healthy and safe on the job is no easy feat. Air Canada's commitment to all its workers in this regard is why it is deserving of a gold Canada's Safest Employers Award," noted Amanda Silliker, Editor, Canadian Occupational Safety magazine. "Its various initiatives such as tackling back injuries and monitoring radiation make it stand out as a leader in occupational health and safety."
About the Awards
Launched in 2011, Canada's Safest Employers Awards recognize companies from all across Canada with outstanding accomplishments in promoting the health and safety of their workers. The award comprises 10 industry-specific categories, ranging from hospitality to mining and natural resources. Companies are judged on a wide range of occupational health and safety elements, including employee training, OHS management systems, incident investigation, emergency preparedness and innovative health and safety initiatives. Twenty-seven winners were recognized at a gala event in Toronto on October 28, 2014. The 2015 nomination process will be launched mid-January 2015.
About Canadian Occupational Safety Magazine
