Award reflects engaged and energized workforce at Canada's flag carrier
MONTREAL, Nov. 7, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today was named one of Canada's Top 100 Employers for the fifth consecutive year in an annual national employer survey by Mediacorp Canada Inc. 
"We are very proud to be ranked one of Canada's top employers for the fifth straight year. This is important not only for the well-being of Air Canada's 30,000 employees, but also because it supports employee engagement, which is absolutely essential to delivering excellent service to the 45 million customers we carry each year," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Senior Vice President, People and Culture, at Air Canada. "Being consistently recognized as one of Canada's Top 100 employers is also further evidence of the successful transformation of Air Canada. We have made culture change a core priority and this has been instrumental in earning us a place among the leading global carriers."
Air Canada's Top 100 Award
Entering its 19th year, the Canada's Top 100 Employers competition recognizes employers with exceptional human resources programs and forward-thinking workplace policies. Starting with an initial list of more than 90,000 employers, Mediacorp graded those selected on eight criteria, which have remained constant since the project's inception: Physical Workplace; Work Atmosphere &amp; Social; Health, Financial &amp; Family Benefits; Vacation &amp; Time-Off; Employee Communications; Performance Management; Training &amp; Skills Development; and Community Involvement 
Mediacorp cited several unique employee support and engagement programs at Air Canada. These include: state-of-the-art training facilities; generous discounts and perquisites for employees and their families; programs to promote health, fitness and wellness; and a consultative approach to workplace developments, such as recent head office renovations where Air Canada sought employee feedback on everything from storage space design to the final décor.
Working at Air Canada
Air Canada's reputation as one of Canada's Top 100 employers has made the airline a destination of choice for people seeking a challenging career. It receives 56,000 visits each month to the employment page of its website and on average there are 390 applicants per position for each vacancy filled. In 2017 alone, Air Canada has hired more than 5,000 people.
For more information on career opportunities with Air Canada please visit www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/about/careers.html
