New services offer more non-stop travel options and support international growth
MONTREAL, Nov. 19, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today the introduction of non-stop services between Montreal and three U.S. cities beginning next summer. The new transborder routes include Montreal-Denver, Montreal-Houston and Montreal-Philadelphia. With the addition of these three routes, Air Canada offers non-stop flights to 18 U.S. cities from Montreal, the most of any airline. To promote the new routes, Air Canada is offering special introductory fares; details are available on www.aircanada.com.
"As one of the major corporations headquartered in Montreal and the largest airline serving the city, we are pleased to play an active role in the business and economic development of Montreal," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada. "Our ongoing investment and commitment will provide greater access and opportunity for the Montreal business community and these three new routes to the U.S. will also support Air Canada's continuing global expansion and growth of Montreal as a strategic hub.  
"For customers traveling to the U.S., these new routes offer convenient connections at major hubs of our partner United Airlines, giving customers more travel options throughout the U.S. and Latin America. For international travelers flying to and from the U.S., it has never been easier to connect in Montreal to Air Canada's global network including Paris, Geneva, Brussels and, beginning next year, Lyon. In addition to the introduction of our new international services from Montreal to Europe and Asia, we are also seeing that international travelers are increasingly finding that connecting through Montreal on Air Canada is the most convenient way to fly to and from the U.S.," concluded Mr. Rovinescu.
"These new transborder routes are excellent news for Montreal. The addition of non-stop service to Denver, Houston and Philadelphia presents numerous business development opportunities, and is beneficial for the Montreal metropolitan area. We are delighted that Air Canada is such a great global partner," said Denis Coderre, Mayor of Montreal.
"Aéroports de Montréal welcomes Air Canada's decision to add these three new routes to the United States, which along with the increasing number of destinations and the use of larger aircraft on Europe routes next summer, confirms Air Canada's commitment to making Montreal–Trudeau an essential hub in its global expansion strategy," said ADM President and Chief Executive Officer James Cherry.
"Tourisme Montréal salutes Air Canada's efforts to facilitate access to Montréal for travellers from the United States. Direct flights from Philadelphia, Denver and Houston will open our city to new markets, increasing our attractiveness as a destination and offering new possibilities to the American business market. This important move underscores the fact that Montréal is increasingly a major gateway to North America," said Yves Lalumière, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tourisme Montréal.
Not only does Montreal offer some of the shortest elapsed travel times, it also provide international travelers seamless connections and Air Canada's Four-Star service, featuring lie-flat seats in International Business Class, a Premium Economy cabin on select flights, and seatback In-Flight Entertainment throughout all aircraft. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access at our hubs, priority boarding and other benefits.
The new year-round routes announced today will be operated by Air Canada mainline and Air Canada Express aircraft. 
Route
Frequency
Start Date
Montreal-Denver, Colorado
Daily 
June 4, 2016
Montreal-Houston, Texas1
Daily
June 6, 2016
Montreal-Philadelphia, Pennsylvania1
Two-times daily
May 24, 2016
1 Flights operated by Air Canada Express
