787 Dreamliners featuring carrier's new international cabin features to fly from Vancouver to Beijing, Seoul, Shanghai and Tokyo-Narita
VANCOUVER, Nov. 19, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it will expand the introduction of Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft featuring the airline's new International Business Class and Premium Economy seating to more of its routes to Asia from Vancouver including Beijing in February and Seoul in March 2015. Air Canada recently converted its Vancouver-Shanghai route to 787 Dreamliner service, with Vancouver-Tokyo/Narita to be converted mid-December. Visit 787.aircanada.com for a virtual tour of the aircraft featuring Air Canada's new international product standard that offers international travellers industry-leading seating amenities in a choice of three cabins of service.
"We are very excited to expand the introduction of Air Canada's new 787 Dreamliner aircraft to more routes from Vancouver to Asia on a year-round basis. Customer feedback on our new International Business Class, Premium Economy and Economy product standard debuted on the 787 Dreamliner has been extremely positive," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines while in Vancouver to present the newest addition to Air Canada's international fleet to clients and business partners. "The choice of three cabins of state-of-the-art seating, as well as enhanced cabin comfort and next-generation entertainment systems are a big hit with customers. Our new international product standard is being introduced with the arrival of 787 Dreamliner aircraft and we look forward to offering more customers the very best in comfort and amenities as we begin the conversion later next year of all 25 of our Boeing 777-300ER and 777-200LR aircraft to our 787 Dreamliner seating standards."
Air Canada's Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner aircraft feature three cabins of service offering comfortable ergonomic seating and enhanced definition intuitive touch personal entertainment screens. Air Canada's International Business Class cabin features 20 Executive Pods with 180-degree lie-flat seats in a 1-2-1 configuration guaranteeing direct aisle access. The Premium Economy cabin has 21 seats in a 2-3-2 configuration and, unique for a North American airline, Air Canada's Premium Economy seating offers more generous personal space, wider seats and greater legroom and recline as well as premium meals, complimentary bar service and priority check-in and baggage delivery at the airport. The Economy cabin has 210 slimline seats in a 3-3-3 configuration providing personal space consistent with the comfort of Air Canada's current Economy cabin. 
The fuel efficient Boeing 787 Dreamliners opens up opportunities for Air Canada to serve new international destinations and convert existing routes to Dreamliner service as the airline replaces existing Boeing 767 aircraft with the new Boeing 787 fleet. Air Canada's first new route to be operated with the 787 Dreamliner was Toronto-Tokyo/Haneda in July, followed by the conversion of the airline's Toronto-Tel Aviv route to 787 Dreamliner service in August.
Air Canada will take delivery of six Boeing 787 aircraft by the end of 2014, with all 37 aircraft scheduled to be delivered by the end of 2019. The carrier's Dreamliner fleet will consist of a total of 15 787-8 aircraft and 22 of the larger capacity 787-9 aircraft. As Air Canada takes delivery of new widebody aircraft for its mainline fleet, current Boeing 767 aircraft will be transferred to its leisure carrier subsidiary, Air Canada rouge.
