MONTREAL, Nov. 22, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today was named one of Canada's Top 100 Employers (2020) for the seventh consecutive year in an annual national employer survey by Mediacorp Canada Inc. 


"We are honoured to be ranked again as one of Canada's top employers. This recognition for the seventh straight year validates our work making culture and employee engagement one of our core focuses. Our company culture which fosters an engaged workforce has become a true competitive advantage, and we are very proud of Air Canada's more than 33,000 dedicated employees who deliver excellent service safely to the 51 million customers we carry each year," said Arielle Meloul-Wechsler, Senior Vice President, People, Culture and Communications, at Air Canada.
Air Canada's Top 100 Award
The Canada's Top 100 Employers competition recognizes employers with exceptional human resources programs and forward-thinking workplace policies. Starting with an initial list of more than 90,000 employers, Mediacorp graded those selected on eight criteria, which have remained constant since the project's inception: Physical Workplace; Work Atmosphere &amp; Social; Health, Financial &amp; Family Benefits; Vacation &amp; Time-Off; Employee Communications; Performance Management; Training &amp; Skills Development; and Community Involvement.
Mediacorp cited several unique employee support and engagement programs at Air Canada. These include: state-of-the-art training facilities; programs to promote health, fitness and wellness; generous benefits and perks for employees and their families and a consultative approach to workplace developments, such as recent head office renovations where Air Canada sought employee feedback on everything from storage space design to the final décor.
Working at Air Canada
Air Canada's reputation as one of Canada's Top 100 employers has made the airline a destination of choice for people seeking a challenging career. It receives 194,000 visits each month to the employment page of its website and on average there are 362 applicants per position for each vacancy filled. In 2018 alone, Air Canada hired more than 6,500 people.
For more information on career opportunities with Air Canada please visit www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/about/careers.html 
In addition to being named one of the Top 100 Employers in Canada (2020), Air Canada has received other recognitions for employee engagement in 2019 including:
