Share this article
MONTREAL, Nov. 27, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - To mark Giving Tuesday, the Air Canada Foundation is pleased to announce it will donate more than $1.6 million by year end to support programs or projects by eligible registered charities that contribute to the health and well‑being of children and youth in Canada.
The Air Canada Foundation, a registered charitable organization, is dedicated to helping connect sick children to the medical care they need, make their wishes come true, and alleviate child poverty. Each year, the Air Canada Foundation helps hundreds of charitable organizations across Canada, whether through financial support, by donating plane tickets to support their fundraising activities, or through in-kind support, including the donation of Aeroplan Miles to pediatric hospitals in Canada.  
"The health and well-being of children are at the core of the Air Canada Foundation's mission. That is why we are always extremely pleased to present these funds to organizations whose programs and projects are aligned with the Foundation's mission," said Priscille Leblanc, Chair of the Air Canada Foundation.
"Air Canada Foundation's mission to help connect children who are sick to the medical care they need aligns directly to our vision to give kids the best chance to live a long and healthy life," said Mike House, president and CEO of the Stollery Children's Hospital Foundation. "One of the ways we're doing this is through the Awasisak Indigenous Health program at the Stollery that provides inpatient and outpatient services to 57 indigenous communities in Alberta, thanks to Air Canada Foundation's generous support of our family-centred care services and community outreach programs."
"Thanks to the Air Canada Foundation's donation, our clown doctors will be able to visit hospitalized children with cancer and their families to bring them some joy and fun in this difficult time. The program would not be possible without this support," said Martin Goyette, Executive Director of the Dr Clown Foundation.
Other charitable organizations that have received funding from the Air Canada Foundation this year include: 
Starting January 2019, customers can view in the AC TV section of the in-flight entertainment system, two videos produced by the Janeway Hospital and McMaster Children's Hospital that show the impact that financial support from the Foundation has had for the children and families that benefited from it last year.
