MONTREAL, Oct. 3, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today the introduction of new seasonal Montreal and Bordeaux service between June 15 and September 15, 2019. Flights will operate four days a week with Boeing 737 MAX 8 and are timed to optimize connectivity to Air Canada's extensive North American network, including major cities along the US east coast including New York, Boston, Philadelphia, also allowing easy connections from Los Angeles, San Francisco and Dallas.  
Special introductory fares start as low as $798 round-trip, all in, and tickets are now available for purchase at aircanada.com or through travel agents.
"As the only network carrier to offer non-stop transatlantic service to Bordeaux, the addition of a fifth destination in France further enhances Air Canada's competitive position in the French market. Our four weekly flights are the most offered than any other airline between Montreal and Bordeaux providing travellers unique access to the famed wine growing region and the popular Nouvelle-Aquitaine market. In addition to playing a special role in connecting Canada with many French-speaking communities around the world, our Montreal hub is increasingly popular among U.S. travelers who appreciate seamless connections to international destinations on Air Canada," said Lucie Guillemette, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Air Canada.
Air Canada has configured its Boeing 737 MAX with two cabins of service: Premium Economy and Economy. Features of the new aircraft include:
Flight
From
To
Depart
Arrive
Days of operation
AC814
Montreal
Bordeaux
8:30 p.m.
9:25 a.m. (+1 day)
Mon, Wed, Thu, Sat
AC815
Bordeaux
Montreal
10:25 a.m.
12:20 p.m.
Tue, Thu, Fri, Sun
"The arrival of Air Canada on the Montréal-Bordeaux route enhances air service options to this popular French destination for Montrealers. Once again, I would like to thank Air Canada for its confidence and contributions to the development of our air service," said Philippe Rainville, President and CEO of Aéroports de Montréal.
About Air Canada in France
The introduction of the Montreal to Bordeaux service adds to an already extensive schedule of 37 weekly flights between Canada and France. During the summer season from Montreal, Air Canada flies twice daily in Paris, as well as five times a week into Lyon on our mainline aircraft, as well as four flights a week to Nice and three per week to Marseille on Air Canada Rouge. Air Canada also flies from Toronto to Paris once a day and from Vancouver to Paris four times a week.
