 MONTREAL, Oct. 8, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it is boosting its international Summer 2014 services to Europe from Montreal with the launch of seasonal non-stop flights between Montreal and Nice, France and the re-introduction of Montreal-Barcelona service. Flights will be operated by Air Canada's leisure carrier subsidiary, Air Canada rouge. In addition, the airline will expand the availability of its new international Premium Economy cabin with its introduction on Montreal-London Heathrow flights during the peak summer travel season. Air Canada will also deploy larger aircraft from its international widebody fleet on flights from Montreal to Brussels and Geneva in order to meet travel and cargo demand during the summer. 
 Seats on these new Air Canada and Air Canada rouge flights are now available for purchase at aircanada.com and through travel agents. 
 As new Boeing 777-300ER and 787 aircraft enter the Air Canada mainline fleet, Air Canada will continue growing Air Canada rouge to reach a total of up to 50 aircraft, as demand warrants.  The growth of its leisure carrier, in tandem with the mainline fleet renewal and international network expansion, is a key element of Air Canada's overall strategy for sustainable, profitable growth, both at the mainline and leisure carrier. 
 "The expansion of Air Canada's global network to include new European destinations is a significant turning point in Air Canada's international growth strategy.  With the addition of Air Canada rouge service from Montreal to popular holiday destinations such as Nice and Barcelona, we are offering customers great new options when making their travel plans beginning next summer," said Ben Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. 
 "The growth of Air Canada's international network, within forecasts previously announced, is possible due to our ability to deploy capacity and continue growing at significantly lower incremental cost.  Air Canada rouge's successful inaugural season underscores its growing popularity among vacation- goers. Similarly, the introduction of our new international Premium Economy cabin has also met with extremely positive customer feedback and we are pleased to continue its introduction with our five specially-configured Boeing 777-300ER aircraft on routes such Montreal-London where market demand calls for a larger supply of Economy and Premium Economy seats, in addition to continuing to offer Executive First business class service. 
 "As Canada's preferred airline by business travellers, and voted Best Airline in North America for the fourth consecutive year, we are pleased to offer a wide range of premium products as well as high value options together with Air Canada rouge. We will continue leveraging Air Canada's strengths in fleet, product and network while responding to demand on both a price and cost competitive basis to serve customers across Canada and around the world," concluded Mr. Smith. 
 Said James Cherry, president and CEO "Aéroports de Montréal is pleased with these new non-stop services and increased capacity on existing destinations as it reinforces Montréal-Trudeau's appeal as an efficient hub to Europe." 
 Air Canada will have taken delivery of five new Boeing 777-300ER aircraft for the mainline fleet between June 2013 and February 2014, and the first three of 37 Boeing 787 aircraft by the summer of 2014. Air Canada is scheduled to take delivery of six 787-8 aircraft in 2014 and the remaining 31 787-8 and -9 aircraft between 2015 and 2019.  
 Highlights of the Air Canada mainline Montreal Summer 2014 flight schedule: 
 Montréal-London Heathrow 
 Montréal-Brussels 
 Montréal-Geneva 
 Montréal-Frankfurt 
 Highlights of the Air Canada rouge Montreal Summer 2014 flight schedule: 
 Montréal-Nice 
 Montréal-Barcelona 
 In addition, a popular holiday travel market currently served by Air Canada's mainline carrier on a seasonal basis will be converted to Air Canada rouge service beginning summer 2014: 
 Montréal-Rome 
 These routes supplement the leisure carrier's other popular vacation destinations as well as holiday and cruise package options offered in conjunction with Air Canada Vacations. For the summer 2014 season, Air Canada rouge will continue to operate Montreal-Athens after their successful inaugural season in 2013. 
 All Air Canada rouge flights to Europe are operated with Boeing 767-300ER aircraft featuring a two-cabin configuration with three customer comfort options including rouge, rouge Plus with preferred seating with additional legroom, and, beginning in winter 2013, Premium rouge offering both additional room and enhanced service.  By the Summer 2104 season, the Air Canada rouge widebody fleet will consist of eight Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. All flights offer customers streamed wireless inflight entertainment, standard 110 volt power plugs and USB ports (beginning spring 2014), stylish and modern cabin interiors with innovative new seats, and the ability to earn and redeem Aeroplan miles. For more information and bookings, please visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/rouge.html 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com. 
 About Air Canada rouge 
 Air Canada rouge is Air Canada's new leisure airline, part of the Air Canada Leisure Group, along with Air Canada Vacations.   Air Canada rouge operates a fleet of Boeing 767-300ER and Airbus A319 aircraft sporting an attractive new livery and interior, designed to reflect the airline's relaxed friendly ambience. Air Canada rouge is the only leisure airline that offers a full network of connecting flights, Aeroplan Miles with every flight as well as redemption, and Air Canada Vacations package holidays or flight-only options. With all of these customer benefits, Air Canada rouge leads the way in leisure travel.  Vacation ahead with Air Canada rouge. For more information visit: http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/rouge/index.html 
