 MONTREAL and FRANKFURT, Oct. 10, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today opened its newest International Maple Leaf Lounge at Frankfurt Airport's Terminal 1, Departures Area B. Located at Star Alliance's largest airport hub and Air Canada's second largest international station, Air Canada's Frankfurt Maple Leaf Lounge is a serene, stylish oasis where eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers can rest, refuel or refresh before their flight in an inspiring, contemporary environment that is a celebration of Canadian design, artistry and craftsmanship. 
 "We are thrilled to welcome Air Canada and Star Alliance eligible customers to our new Maple Leaf Lounge in Frankfurt," said Craig Landry, Vice President, Marketing. "Our newest International Maple Leaf Lounge was created as an extension of the overall travel experience for our Executive First customers.  Showcasing contemporary Canadian design, artwork and the majestic natural beauty of Canada, customers will enjoy a calm and inspiring environment in which to work or relax before their Air Canada or connecting Star Alliance flight." 
 Designed by Bennett C. Lo of Toronto's award-winning firm dialogue 38, Air Canada's 726- square-metre Frankfurt Maple Leaf Lounge is a home away from home prior to flight, featuring: 
 Eligible customers include Air Canada Altitude Super Elite 100K, Elite 75K and Elite 50K members, Star Alliance Gold members, and customers travelling in Air Canada Executive First, who have confirmed, same-day travel on a departing Air Canada or Star Alliance flight. 
 Air Canada operates up to five daily round-trip flights year-round between Canada and Frankfurt, with non-stop flights from Calgary, Toronto, Montreal and Ottawa offering a choice of Executive First or Economy service. Additionally, Star Alliance partner Lufthansa operates flights between Vancouver and Frankfurt and between Toronto and Frankfurt which Air Canada offers on a code-share basis. At the Frankfurt worldwide hub, Star Alliance airlines offer 502 daily flights to 179 destinations, and more than 22.6 million Star Alliance airline customers travelled via Frankfurt in 2012. 
 Air Canada's Frankfurt International Lounge is the airline's 21st Maple Leaf Lounge, and the fourth to open in Europe, along with Arrivals and Departures Lounges at London Heathrow and a Departures lounge at Paris Charles de Gaulle. In the United States, Air Canada operates Maple Leaf Lounges at Los Angeles International Airport and at New York LaGuardia. In Canada, Air Canada has 15 Maple Leaf Lounges at airports across the country. For more information on Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges please visit aircanada.com/lounge. 
 Link to downloadable photos:   http://www.aircanada.com/en/about/media/facts/photos_lounge.html 
 Bennett Lo interview found at this link: http://gofar.aircanada.com/up-in-the-air/frankfurt-lounge-bennett/ 
 About Air Canada 
