Conveniently located lounge near gates offers added amenities
MONTREAL, Oct. 14, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it has opened a Maple Leaf Lounge at Newark Liberty International Airport. The new lounge, Air Canada's third in the U.S., is conveniently located beyond security near Air Canada gates, giving eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers a calm atmosphere to relax or work prior to their flight.
(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161013/428646)
"Air Canada is pleased to provide eligible Air Canada and Star Alliance customers a new Maple Leaf Lounge at Newark Liberty airport. We recognize that business and premium customers have additional requirements, including the need for a quiet place to work while travelling, and our new Maple Leaf Lounge is designed with this in mind. The new lounge also compliments our Boeing 787 Newark-Vancouver service featuring our Business Class – Transcontinental product, with lie flat suites in Business Class," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
The new Newark Liberty International Airport lounge is the third U.S. Maple Leaf Lounge – Air Canada also operates lounges in New York City at LaGuardia Airport and at Los Angeles International Airport. The Newark lounge offers customers refreshments, complimentary Wifi, and work facilities that include complimentary printing capabilities, all in a relaxed and quiet club-like atmosphere. It is also conveniently located past security close to Air Canada gates, so customers can easily board their flights directly after leaving the lounge. The new lounge further strengthens Air Canada's position as the leading carrier operating between Canada and the New York City region.
New York Region Airport
Canadian Cities
Total Daily Frequencies
LaGuardia Airport
Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal
24 round trips daily
Newark Liberty International Airport
Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver
Up to 23 round trips daily*
*Includes 10 codeshare flights with Star Alliance partner United Airlines
As a leading global carrier, Air Canada is pleased to now offer premium passengers access to 22 Maple Leaf Lounges around world. In addition to the new Newark Liberty airport lounge, Air Canada is investing in the customer airport experience throughout its network with a new Montreal international Maple Leaf Lounge opening in November 2016, an expanded Vancouver international Maple Leaf Lounge opening in summer 2017, a new Saskatoon domestic Maple Leaf Lounge opening in fall 2017, and refurbishments planned for its domestic Maple Leaf Lounges at Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver in 2017. 
