 Air Canada Corporate Rewards helps any-size business better manage travel 
 MONTREAL, Oct. 15, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada has launched a new program called Air Canada Corporate Rewards that offers useful online tools to help businesses of all sizes better manage their travel, reduce costs and earn rewards to enhance travel. 
 "The Air Canada Corporate Rewards program will make it simpler for companies of any size to track their travel investment, obtain savings and also earn rewards for flying with Air Canada. Members will be eligible to receive offers for discounts on Air Canada flights and services along with rewards such as complimentary eUpgrades, Maple Leaf Lounge access, advance seat selection and other exclusive special offers," said Robert Trudeau, Director of Business Development at Air Canada. "Recently, Air Canada was ranked the preferred carrier of 81 per cent of frequent business travellers surveyed in the annual Ipsos Reid Business Traveller Survey. This program, along with other attributes, such as our expansive global network, Executive Class service, Maple Leaf Lounges and Aeroplan and Altitude loyalty programs, should further boost Air Canada's leading position as the carrier of choice among Canadian business travellers." 
 Registration in Air Canada Corporate Rewards is open to any company, regardless of the number of employees it has, provided they do not already have a preferred Carrier Agreement with Air Canada. It is available to companies whether they are working with a travel agency or not. For program details, including how to register, please consult www.aircanada.com. 
 About Air Canada 
 Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 175 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2012 served close to 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 67 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,328 destinations in 195 countries.  Air Canada rewards its most loyal customers through its top tier recognition program, Altitude, that offers frequent flyers a range of priority travel services, lounge access and upgrades to Executive Class, complementing their membership in Aeroplan, Canada's premier loyalty program, which provides numerous ways to earn and redeem Aeroplan Miles with over 150 travel and retail partners. 
 Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax. In 2013, Air Canada was ranked for a fourth consecutive year "Best Airline in North America" in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers conducted by Skytrax.  According to the 2012 Canadian Business Travel Survey conducted by Ipsos Reid, Air Canada was the preferred airline for more than 80 percent of frequent business travellers in Canada.  In 2012, readers of Global Traveler magazine voted Air Canada "Best Airline in North America," the readers of Business Traveler voted Air Canada "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best In-Flight Services in North America," and the readers of Premier Traveler voted Air Canada "Best North American Airline for Business Class Service," "Best North American Airline for International Travel" and "Best Flight Attendants in North America."  For more information on Air Canada visit aircanada.com, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook. 
