 MONTREAL, Oct. 10, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today launched a contest to help name its new low-cost leisure airline that will begin service in 2013. The carrier is asking customers and travel agents to visit Air Canada's Facebook page to submit their suggestions. Entrants become eligible to win one of three Air Canada Vacations gift certificates each valued at $1,500 towards a holiday package vacation courtesy of Air Canada Vacations.  Winners will be selected from among the entries selected by Air Canada as most closely reflecting the new leisure carrier. The contest kicks off today and runs until October 21, 2012. Visit www.facebook.com/aircanada for instructions to enter and contest details. 
 "What better way to kick-off preparations for the start-up next year of Air Canada's leisure carrier than offer the chance to win an Air Canada Vacations holiday?" said Michael Friisdahl, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada's Leisure Group. "This is an exciting new venture for us and our customers, so we wanted to hear from them, our partners in the travel industry and our employees. We're looking forward to seeing all the creative ideas out there and having some fun as we come up with a distinctive brand name for the new low-cost leisure airline, one that will resonate with Canadians making their holiday travel plans." 
 Air Canada will hold a separate contest for its employees. Details will be announced in the coming days. 
 Last week, Air Canada unveiled plans to form an integrated Leisure Group, combining the activities of its tour operator business, Air Canada Vacations, with its new low-cost leisure airline. The new low-cost leisure carrier will commence service in June 2013 to popular holiday destinations in Europe and the Caribbean.  Further details on the leisure airline's summer 2013 program, schedule and product offering will be communicated later this fall with Air Canada's 2013 schedule. The carrier's plans are subject to obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. 
 About Air Canada Vacations 
 Air Canada Vacations is a leading Canadian tour operator offering a wide assortment of leisure travel packages including cruises and tours. All packages include accommodation, Aeroplan Miles and roundtrip airfare aboard Air Canada and its Star Alliance partners. Repeat recipient of the Consumer's Choice Award for Best Travel Wholesaler, Air Canada Vacations services over 100 destinations in the Caribbean, Central &amp; South America, Asia, Europe, and in the U.S.  For more information, visit www.aircanadavacations.com 
