Share this article
The Restaurant at Pearl Morissette in Ontario named Canada's Best New Restaurant
MONTREAL, Oct. 26, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Thousands of restaurants launch every year, but only ten remarkable destinations can call themselves Canada's Best New Restaurants. Today, Air Canada and presenting partner American Express revealed its highly-coveted Top 10 list with The Restaurant at Pearl Morissette from Jordan, ON, placing atop the list as Canada's Best New Restaurant.


Located in wine country on the Niagara Peninsula, The Restaurant at Pearl Morissette has two chefs who serve an ever-changing, multi-course menu of locally produced and foraged ingredients inspired by seasonal French cooking. Coming in second is wine bar Vin Mon Lapin in Montreal, the latest installment from the city's Joe Beef team. Also hailing from Montreal is this year's third place winner, Italian eatery Elena from the founders of hot spot Nora Gray.
To create the list of Canada's Best New Restaurants, a panel of industry experts considered every new bistro, pub and cafe to generate a delicious selection of restaurants for one writer to visit. This took the writer on a month-long quest from coast to coast to coast, sampling cuisine as diverse as Canada itself. The contest is sponsored by, American Express, Acura Canada, Diageo World Class Canada and Nespresso.
"So many cities across Canada are now recognized as culinary destinations, inspiring both national and international travel. With Canada's Best New Restaurants, Air Canada is shining a well-deserved spotlight on the chefs who make our country one of the most diverse and desirable places to dine," says Andy Shibata, Managing Director, Brand, Air Canada. "For 17 years, Air Canada has celebrated the chefs and innovators who are putting Canada on the map and this year's Top Ten are welcome additions to this highly-coveted club."   
"As an ongoing sponsor of Air Canada's Best New Restaurants, we are delighted in this list, which inspires our Cardmembers with such evolution within Canadian cuisine," said David Barnes, VP of Communications and Advertising, American Express Canada. "Canada has an incredible restaurant scene and Amex Cardmembers rely on our brand to give them access to the best restaurants and chefs."
A sense of playfulness and adventure abounds in Canadian restaurants — chefs are serving serious food without taking themselves too seriously. An ice cream sundae is the prized dessert at Aloette, and hoser-classic Labatt 50 is on the drink list at St. Lawrence. Elena's colourful jet-set décor hosts a pizza-focused menu groaning with puns, while Bündok, located in Edmonton's hopping young Ice District, grooves to a killer playlist curated by its snowboarding chef.
Here's the complete list of Air Canada's Best New Restaurants 2018:
Readers can view the full story and find out more about the winners in the pull-out dining guide in the November issue of Air Canada enRoute magazine and online at CanadasBestNewRestaurants.com.
Canada's Best New Restaurants Video SeriesGo to CanadasBestNewRestaurants.com for behind-the-scenes videos of this year's top three restaurants: The Restaurant at Pearl Morissette, Vin Mon Lapin and Elena. Now also screening on the Food, Documentary and Travel TV channels on the Inflight Entertainment system on most Air Canada flights.
Awards CelebrationThe Top 10 restaurants were revealed during the annual Canada's Best New Restaurants event on October 25, 2018, at the Queen Richmond Centre West in Toronto. Top chefs from across the country gathered to show off their culinary skills, serving the public, industry professionals and Air Canada guests flavours from their winning menus. For event photos, please see link: https://bit.ly/2ytzLdd.
About Air CanadaAir Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 220 airports on six continents. Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2017 served more than 48 million customers. Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 64 airports in Canada, 59 in the United States and 98 in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,317 airports in 193 countries. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which also named Air Canada the 2018 Best Airline in North America. Air Canada was also named the 2018 Eco-Airline of the Year by the respected airline industry publication Air Transport World in its 44th Annual Airline Industry Achievement Awards for its commitment to emissions reductions through supporting the development of alternative fuels, its numerous green programs and partnerships, and being the first airline worldwide to voluntarily join the World Bank's IMF Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition. For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com/media, follow @AirCanada on Twitter and join Air Canada on Facebook.
