Share this article
MONTREAL, Sept. 4, 2019 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today the introduction of new, year-round services between Toronto and Brussels starting May 1, 2020. Up to five weekly non-stop flights will be operated with Air Canada's Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner, featuring Signature Class, Premium Economy and Economy services. 
"We are pleased to launch new non-stop, year-round flights from Toronto to Brussels, complementing our successful Montreal-Brussels service now celebrating its tenth anniversary. This is a further expansion of Air Canada's reach to Europe and beyond. This new service will conveniently connect our extensive North American network through our Toronto Pearson global hub directly to Brussels, where our Star Alliance partner Brussels Airlines offers far-reaching connections throughout Europe and Africa," said Mark Galardo, Vice President of Network Planning at Air Canada. 
"As the location of the European Union, NATO and numerous corporate headquarters, Brussels is a major global destination. Our new Toronto flights, together with our Montreal service, offer North American business travellers the most convenient links to this important European city. Air Canada offers a multitude of travel options between North America and Africa via Brussels, firmly demonstrating the strength of our network and partnerships in offering unparalleled customer choices."
Flight
From
To
Departs
Arrives
Days of Operation
AC886
Toronto (YYZ)
Brussels
(BRU)
18:30
07:45 +1 day
Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun
AC887
Brussels 
(BRU)
Toronto 
(YYZ)
10:45
12:45
Mon,Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun
Flights are timed to connect conveniently with Air Canada's and Brussels Airlines' respective networks at Toronto and Brussels. Flights also provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption, Star Alliance reciprocal benefits, and for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access where available, priority boarding and other benefits. Eligible premium customers in Toronto will also have access to the Air Canada Signature Suite, recognized by Skytrax as offering the world's best dining experience in a business class lounge.
