SASKATOON, Sept. 14, 2018 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today unveiled its newest Maple Leaf Lounge at Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport (Skyxe). The lounge seats up to 40 customers in an elegant space that showcases Canadian design and art, including work by two Saskatchewan artists, Shawn Evans and Holly Friesen. 
"We are excited to welcome Air Canada and Star Alliance eligible customers to our new Maple Leaf Lounge at Skyxe, which has been created to enhance the overall travel experience for our premium customers," said Andrew Yiu, Vice President, Product at Air Canada. "Showcasing contemporary Canadian design and artwork, and drawing on the pastoral landscape of Saskatchewan, the lounge is decorated with maple wood screen walls, Canadian-made furnishings and Canadian materials. Customers will be warmly received and enjoy a calm environment in which to work or relax before an Air Canada or Air Canada Express flight." 
"Skyxe is thrilled to welcome a new Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge at Saskatoon Airport," said Stephen Maybury, President and CEO of Skyxe Saskatoon Airport. "This highly anticipated new lounge experience strongly complements our existing modern, comfortable and guest centric service offerings."
"The award winning Skyxe continues to modernize and welcome the world to our city. The trusted brand of the Maple Leaf Lounge is a fantastic addition to what we offer here in our growing prairie community. Thank you to Air Canada for your commitment to Saskatoon," said Saskatoon Mayor Charlie Clark.
"As one of Canada's fastest growing metropolitan centers, the opening of an Air Canada Maple Leaf lounge in Saskatoon speaks to the continued interest to invest in our city and confirms Saskatoon as a top destination in Canada," said Darla Lindbjerg, CEO of the Greater Saskatoon Chamber of Commerce.
"With a sharp increase in arrivals into Saskatoon and strong projections for National and International travel, having a Maple Leaf Lounge at our award-winning John G. Diefenbaker International Airport is very exciting. Being able to offer visitors who are eligible customers an added amenity, will only add to their positive experience in Saskatoon," said Todd Brandt, President and CEO of Tourism Saskatoon.
The 137-square-metre lounge features such amenities as a full-service bar offering a wide selection of beverages, including Canadian wines and specialty coffees, a self-serve buffet area and comfortable seating with a view of the tarmac. Business travellers planning to work on site may also take advantage of the cyber counter equipped with PCs and colour printing, complimentary Wi-Fi and access to a large variety of digital newspaper and magazine content via the PressReader app. 
The Skyxe Maple Leaf Lounge will operate seven days a week, and is conveniently located in the departure gate area, steps away from Air Canada's departure gates.
Air Canada and its regional partners operate over 110 weekly (17 daily) non-stop scheduled flights this summer from Saskatoon to seven destinations across Canada. It offers up to 1,320 seats departing the city, with up to six daily non-stop flights to Toronto, four to Calgary, three to Vancouver, two to Winnipeg, one to Edmonton, one to Regina and one from Ottawa. 
