Florida flights to resume Wednesday, September 13, 2017
MONTREAL, Sept. 12, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - With the passage of Hurricane Irma, Air Canada is resuming normal operations to affected destinations. Full service to Florida will begin on Wednesday, September 13 and regularly scheduled flights have started to operate to most Caribbean destinations.
We continue to monitor the situation to assess where additional capacity or flights may be required and our intent is to accommodate all customers wishing to travel. Additionally, a goodwill policy remains in effect for customers to delay or change flights without charge.
Florida
Preparations are underway to resume our full schedule to Florida on Wednesday September 13. (An Air Canada Express flight will operate to Jacksonville, Fla. on September 12). This includes service to Miami, Orlando, Fort Lauderdale, Tampa and the next regularly scheduled flights to Fort Myers on Friday, September 15, and Sarasota, on Saturday, September 16.
Customers are advised that aircraft are very full on outgoing flights from Florida and, while Air Canada is adding additional capacity, space may be limited initially. However, Air Canada is committed to add extra capacity in order to transport customers who wish to travel.
Cuba
Air Canada is resuming service to Havana Wednesday, September 13. Other destinations in Cuba remain cancelled with plans to resume services to most destinations later this month, subject to the safety and security of airports and infrastructure. The airports serving Cayo Coco and Santa Clara are presently closed until October 31, 2017.
Other Caribbean
Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge have resumed scheduled service to other destinations in the Caribbean.  This includes the Dominican Republic and Guadeloupe since Saturday, September 9, and to Martinique, Haiti, Jamaica and Turks and Caicos since Sunday September 10th.  Other flights that were disrupted in the Caribbean will resume as regularly scheduled.
In response to Hurricane Irma:
Since Tuesday September 5, Air Canada has operated a total of 30 additional flights, as well as larger aircraft with more seats, to bring over 7,000 customers home early from the affected areas including Antigua, Cuba, Turks and Caicos, Haiti, Dominican Republic and Florida.
Air Canada has implemented a goodwill policy for customers whose itinerary includes a flight impacted by the path of the hurricane.
