TROIS-RIVIÈRES, QC, Sept. 19, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Global aviation services leader AAR CORP. (NYSE: AIR) and Air Canada (TSX: AC) today announced they have signed a 10-year agreement to provide airframe maintenance for the airline's Airbus narrow-body fleet of A319, A320 and A321 aircraft, as well as a new five-year agreement for Air Canada's Embraer E190 fleet. AAR will perform the work at its Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) facility at Trois-Rivières Airport in Québec, previously known as Premier Aviation.
The work to be performed on Air Canada's fleet of 125 narrow bodies will require approximately 350 aircraft mechanics at AAR's Trois-Rivières facility. The total value of the contract over its term is estimated to be approximately $500 million CAD.  
"We have been very pleased with the quality and turnaround time of AAR and the Trois-Rivières facility for the work performed on our narrow-body fleet over the past five years and are especially delighted that additional work can now be performed in Trois-Rivières Québec," said Richard Steer, Senior Vice President, Operations at Air Canada. "This contract further supports the development of Québec's aviation sector by encouraging industry expertise and job growth in the coming years, and Air Canada is proud to be a significant contributor to the economy of the region."
"We are honored by Air Canada's confidence in AAR's airframe heavy maintenance expertise, and look forward to continuing our long-term relationship," said Chris Jessup, Chief Commercial Officer, AAR.
About AAR
In addition to those in Canada, AAR's award-winning MRO network includes facilities in Indianapolis, Indiana; Miami, Florida; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Duluth, Minnesota; and Rockford, Illinois.  Across these sites, AAR provides industry-leading maintenance, repair and overhaul for regional, narrow-body and wide-body aircraft operators. AAR is the largest MRO services provider in the Americas and third worldwide. 
AAR is a global aftermarket solutions company that employs more than 5,000 people in over 20 countries. Based in Wood Dale, Illinois, AAR provides aviation services to commercial and government customers in over 100 countries through two operating segments: Aviation Services and Expeditionary Services. AAR's Aviation Services include inventory management; parts supply; OEM parts distribution; aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul; and component repair. AAR's Expeditionary Services include airlift operations; mobility systems; and command and control centers in support of military and humanitarian missions. More information can be found at www.aarcorp.com.
