Loyalty Business Update
MONTRÉAL, Sept. 19, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada will set new financial targets at its 2017 Investor Day to be held today in Toronto from 08:30 to 11:30 ET.
From 2018 until 2020, Air Canada is targeting an annual EBITDAR(1) margin (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, impairment, and aircraft rent, as a percentage of operating revenue) of 17 to 20 per cent and an annual return on invested capital (ROIC) (1) of 13 to 16 per cent. Air Canada is also projecting cumulative free cash flow (1) of $2.0 billion to $3.0 billion over the same period and a leverage ratio(1) of 1.2 (measured by adjusted net debt over EBITDAR) by the end of 2020.   
"We have made significant progress in executing our business plan over the last several years, as evidenced by our share price appreciation of approximately 3,000 per cent since early 2009," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada.
"As our business strategy continues to evolve, we have expanded margins, increased adjusted net income and improved our return on invested capital. We have strengthened the balance sheet and improved our competitive position. We have significantly reduced the company's overall risk profile by aggressively managing our financial leverage and effectively transforming our pension plans from a large deficit to a significant surplus position. We have also built tremendous flexibility into our fleet, allowing us to effectively react to different economic environments and avail ourselves of more opportunities.
"Having achieved all of this, we are now ready to take it to a next level, building on this positive momentum with more ambitious objectives, which reflect our confidence in our strategic plan. Our business strategy that has yielded the success it has is centered on four core priorities and they remain: leveraging our international network, reducing costs and enhancing revenues, engaging our customers and fostering a positive culture within our workforce. 
"We see many opportunities ahead, including the introduction of more efficient narrow-body aircraft into the mainline fleet, incremental benefits from our amended and extended capacity purchase agreement with Jazz and from the planned launch of our own loyalty program in 2020. In this respect, we are today initiating a comprehensive Request for Proposal (RFP) for a co-branded credit card partner and will be inviting key financial institutions to participate. We expect the net present value of the loyalty program over a 15-year period to range between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion. We also anticipate realizing benefits from our investments in new technology, including a new passenger services system scheduled to deploy in 2019, and we continue to invest in tools and training for employees to better serve our customers," concluded Mr. Rovinescu.
The estimated NPV of the loyalty program of $2.0 billion to $2.5 billion over a 15-year period is on a pre-tax basis, assumes the current regulatory environment remains unchanged, and is calculated using a discount rate that approximates Air Canada's weighted average cost of capital of 7.6 per cent.
The outlook provided in this news release constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, is based on a number of assumptions, including those discussed below, and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Please see the section below entitled "Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information".
Attendance at Air Canada's 2017 Investor Day is by invitation only. A live, listen-only audio webcast of the event, along with accompanying presentation slides will be available through a link on Air Canada's website at www.aircanada.com (Investor Relations section). 
Major Assumptions
Assumptions were made by Air Canada in preparing and making forward-looking statements.  
As part of its assumptions, during the 2018 to 2020 period, Air Canada assumes moderate Canadian GDP growth, Canadian Consumer Price Index (CPI) growth of approximately 2 per cent, and an average annual wage rate increase of 2 per cent. Air Canada also assumes that the Canadian dollar will trade, on average, at C$1.32 per U.S. dollar and that the price of jet fuel will average 62 CAD cents per litre for 2018, 65 CAD cents per litre for 2019 and 67 CAD cents per litre for 2020.  
The following table summarizes Air Canada's major annual assumptions: 
Major Annual Assumptions
2018
2019
2020
GDP - Canada
Moderate Growth
CPI - Canada
Approximately 2%
Average Annual Wage Rate Increase
2%
Canadian dollar per U.S. dollar
1.32
Jet fuel price – CAD cents per litre 
62
65
67
(1)      Non-GAAP Measures 
Below is a description of certain non-GAAP measures used by Air Canada to provide readers with additional information on its financial and operating performance. Such measures are not recognized measures for financial statement presentation under GAAP, do not have standardized meanings, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other entities and should not be considered a substitute for or superior to GAAP results. Readers are advised to refer to Air Canada's Management's Discussion and Analysis reports for the relevant periods for reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable Canadian GAAP measures.
