Introduces industry-leading pre-boarding for customers with carry-on instruments and discount policy for additional seat  
MONTREAL, Sept. 25, 2015 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada today announced it has added Symphony Nova Scotia and the Calgary Philharmonic Orchestra to its roster of Canadian symphony orchestras it supports from coast to coast. The airline also announced today new industry-leading policies offering special care for carry-on musical instruments, the latest in a series of measures designed to ease its customers' travel experience.
"We are delighted to announce our partnership with Symphony Nova Scotia and the Calgary Philharmonic Orchestra, making Air Canada the Official Airline of nine of the country's leading symphony orchestras coast to coast," said Craig Landry, Air Canada's Vice President, Marketing who is speaking at today's Symphony Nova Scotia's Symphony Week concert at Halifax's Stanfield International Airport. "As a proud Canadian brand, we believe in supporting these pre-eminent arts organizations to help enrich and engage audiences across this country. Through our role as Official Airline, we are honoured to help promote the best of Canadian orchestra performances worldwide by supporting international tours with our global reach."
In addition to Symphony Nova Scotia and the Calgary Philharmonic Orchestra, Air Canada is proud to be Official Airline to: Orchestre Symphonique de Montreal, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, National Arts Centre Orchestra, Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra, Edmonton Symphony Orchestra, Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, as well as supporting the new generation of talent at the National Youth Orchestra of Canada. 
"We are also pleased to introduce industry-leading enhancements for all our customers travelling with carry-on instruments, including pre-boarding benefits and a generous discount when purchasing an additional seat for their instrument," concluded Mr. Landry.
Effective today, customers may purchase a seat at a 50 per cent discount off any published fare, including the lowest Tango fares, to accommodate their musical instrument. More information about this industry-leading initiative is here.
