New Destinations, Routes for Summer 2015 also include:
MONTREAL, Sept. 25, 2014 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada announced today it will introduce year-round mainline service to Amsterdam from Toronto beginning in June 2015 as part of the continuing expansion of its international network. Additions to the summer network also include new Air Canada rouge seasonal service from Montreal to Venice and between Vancouver and Osaka.
"Air Canada will continue its international expansion drive next summer, led by the addition of Amsterdam to its mainline global network. Apart from being a popular tourist destination, Amsterdam is also a key business market with longstanding links to Canada. Air Canada is the only Canadian carrier to offer the route year-round and it will complement our existing service to Brussels, giving customers easier access to the Benelux region," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines, at Air Canada. "In addition to Amsterdam, for summer 2015 Air Canada will launch new double-daily, non-stop Air Canada service to Paris from both Toronto and Montreal, and new Air Canada rouge service between Vancouver and Osaka and between Montreal and Venice. It will also offer increased weekly Air Canada rouge frequencies to such popular destinations as Barcelona and Athens."
Highlights of the 2015 summer schedule include:
About Air Canada 
Air Canada is Canada's largest domestic and international airline serving more than 180 destinations on five continents.  Canada's flag carrier is among the 20 largest airlines in the world and in 2013 served more than 35 million customers.  Air Canada provides scheduled passenger service directly to 60 Canadian cities, 49 destinations in the United States and 73 cities in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, the Caribbean, Mexico and South America. Air Canada is a founding member of Star Alliance, the world's most comprehensive air transportation network serving 1,316 airports in 192 countries.  Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking according to independent U.K. research firm Skytrax that ranked Air Canada in a worldwide survey of more than 18 million airline passengers as Best Airline in North America in 2014 for the fifth consecutive year.  For more information, please visit: www.aircanada.com.
About Air Canada rouge 
Air Canada rouge is Air Canada's new leisure airline, part of the Air Canada Leisure Group, along with Air Canada Vacations. Together with Air Canada Vacations, Air Canada rouge offers competitively-priced travel to 45 exciting destinations on 61 routes  in Japan, Europe (including Edinburgh, Venice, Athens, Lisbon, Dublin, Nice, Barcelona, Rome and Manchester) and multiple destinations in Mexico, the U.S. and the Caribbean (including Cuba, Costa Rica, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic). 
