New non-stop routes starting for summer 2017 include:
MONTREAL, Sept. 28, 2016 /CNW/ - Air Canada today announced the addition of six new destinations to its international network, including year-round Boeing 787-9 service between Toronto and Mumbai and between Vancouver and Taipei. The new services will launch for summer 2017, with the Montreal-Algiers and the Vancouver-Taipei routes subject to government approvals.
"Air Canada is pleased to offer customers these new non-stop routes to exciting destinations around the world. While extending our global reach, they also represent a further deepening of our already substantial international network," said Benjamin Smith, President, Passenger Airlines at Air Canada.
"Toronto-Mumbai is our third route between Canada and India starting with the launch of Toronto-Delhi service last fall, and Nagoya will be our fourth airport in Japan. With these new services, we will now operate 21 routes between Canada and Asia, including the Middle East. Berlin and Marseille will bring the number of European routes we serve to 44 next summer, including four cities in France. Algiers will be our second destination in Africa, which makes Air Canada one of only a small number of global carriers flying to all six inhabited continents," said Mr. Smith. 
Air Canada will be the only carrier to offer non-stop service between Canada and Mumbai and the only Canadian carrier to operate non-stop service to Taipei. These routes will operate year-round with Air Canada's state-of-the-art Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft feature 30 International Business Class lie-flat seat suites, 21 Premium Economy and 247 Economy Class seats, with upgraded in-flight entertainment at every seat throughout the aircraft. 
The new seasonal routes to Berlin and Nagoya will be the only non-stop services between these cities and Canada. The service to Algiers will be the only non-stop flight by a Canadian carrier between Montreal and the North African city and the Marseille service will be the only non-stop flight operated by a network carrier between Marseille and North America. All will be operated with an Air Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300ER, featuring Premium Rouge and Economy cabins. 
All flights are available for sale immediately with special introductory pricing, except for Vancouver-Taipei and Montreal-Algiers which will be available for sale in the near future pending government approvals. All new routes are timed to optimize connectivity at Air Canada's Canadian hubs to and from major destinations in Canada and North America. All flights provide for Aeroplan accumulation and redemption and, for eligible customers, priority check-in, Maple Leaf Lounge access, priority boarding and other benefits.
Route
Start Date
Aircraft Type
Frequency
Toronto-Mumbai
July 1, 2017
Boeing 787-9 (mainline)
Three-weekly
Vancouver-Taipei
June 8, 2017*
Boeing 787-9 (mainline)
Daily
Montreal-Marseille
June 9, 2017
Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge)
Three-weekly
Vancouver-Nagoya
June 1, 2017
Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge)
Three-weekly**
Toronto-Berlin
June 1, 2017
Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge)
Four-weekly
Montreal-Algiers
June 26, 2017*
Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge)
Four-weekly
