 TROIS-RIVIERES, QC, Sept. 24, 2013 /CNW Telbec/ - Premier Aviation and Air Canada today announced the signing of a five-year agreement for the provision of airframe maintenance in support of Air Canada's fleet of 60 Embraer E-190 and E-175 aircraft. With the addition of a second line of maintenance at Premier Aviation's Trois-Rivières, Quebec facility now in place, the work performed for Air Canada will have created a total of 120 jobs for aircraft technicians on the two lines. This contract follows a successful year of operations meeting the quality and on-time delivery requirements for 37 Air Canada Embraer E-175 and E-190 maintenance visits at Premier's Trois-Rivières maintenance centre. 
 "This agreement expands on and extends our long-standing relationship with Air Canada and our commitment to deliver industry leading quality, value and turnaround times," states Premier`s President and CEO, Ronnie Di Bartolo. "The signing of this contract further strengthens Premier's position as a pre-eminent player in Embraer maintenance in North America and demonstrates Premier's ability and commitment to customer-driven, value-added MRO solutions." 
 Air Canada's Vice President, Maintenance and Engineering, Alan Butterfield, added, "We are very pleased with the work performed by Premier Aviation on Air Canada's Embraer fleet.  This contract for additional work with Premier represents long-term investment in the Canadian MRO industry while assuring Air Canada of a quality solution for our Embraer maintenance needs through Premier's extensive network, multiple facilities and by its proven capabilities in this field." 
 Premier Aviation performs maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services consisting of airframe, painting and support services for Air Canada's Embraer fleet at its Trois-Rivières maintenance centre. Air Canada's Embraer fleet consists of 45 E-190 aircraft, with an additional 15 E-175 aircraft operated by Sky Regional. 
 About Premier Aviation 
 Premier Aviation is a full-service aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) provider, wholly-owned and operated by Ronnie Di Bartolo with over 650,000 sq. ft. of facilities in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, and Windsor, Ontario in Canada and Rome, New York in the United States.  Since its inception in 2002, the company has maintained a steady growth of clients and services in general overhaul, modifications, refurbishment, paint and line maintenance.  Premier Aviation is committed to delivering top-quality, safety performance and competitive MRO solutions to the aviation industry throughout Canada, US and internationally. 
 As a leading MRO provider in North America, Premier Aviation seeks highly-motivated, qualified individuals to be part of our team.  For more information on our services and capabilities, employment opportunities and more, please visit our website: www.premieraviation.ca. 
